Is any baby really a freak.
Aspen Colorado has he best music festivals, you sit all over the mountains it is on and just hang out.
You can get almost anything on ebay!
everybody is dying to get in.
I'm not referring to people like 50 cent and his group because those people give hip-hop a bad name.
It differs from what I have seen, however.
I would like to be on television.
Do not let anyone decide the fate but you.
50 is just riding coattails with that move.
The blind Klan guy is hilarious!
Lauren Hill and Mary J. Bilge, the 411 both are great albums to listen to old school.
Do you have two pounds worth of brick?
I had better go, and ask another stupid question!
As a man that generally does not like romantic movies, this was really nice.
I can still see my brother's .45 caliber pistol in my mind's eye.
Back in my day Emo was a comedian.
Why sit and listen to Locke, Jack, or Syead?
I like when the Prime Minister goes door to door to find the girl.
Every time I hear that song I get butterflies in my stomach.
It is the biggest load of foolishness that I have seen for ages.
The best pick is the song 'Far Far Away' by As I Lay Dying.
I might be seeing then in a few months.
That is why they need to constantly open the hatch.
He is supposed to be in jail.
I think she did an outstanding job in the movie.
I find Nicole Kidman's eyes to be very attractive.
I really enjoy the song and I am listening to it at this moment.
Inform him you desire to have a three person sexual encounter with another physically attractive girl.
I disagree, the correct term is "witness."
All other concerns aside, shonenjump.com is a popular site and Narutos is very high quality.
I believe they would have, it is a shame.
I am a huge fan of the band Green Day.
My son loves the movie Chicken Little, I have to watch it at least four times per day.
Who was your favorite from American Idol Season five?
I wish I could lower my age, gas prices, and my blood pressure.
How do you come up with these questions?
I also agree that the girls on Love Hina are attractive.
The blonde says; "Great, they already put me on my first murder myster case.".
I am looking for song lyrics to "Breathe Me" by Sia. Does anyone else enjoy that song?
I thoroughly enjoy the hair bands of the 1980s.
I look attractive, do I not?
Astoundingly, I was able to memorize the entire song.
Be slightly more open-minded.
I realize that particular example is very old.
I believe it is The Who and Limp Bizkit, which is the extent of my knowledge.
Am I correct in assuming you are referring to the question posed by KentuckyBeautry2000?
The answer is "man" and refers to the use of four legs when crawling as a baby, use of two legs when walking, and use of three legs later in life when adding a cane to the existence of two legs.
Brian, he asked the great questions. They suspended him, however, and I do not know what is happening with that.
It is because you have no sense.
Do not eat hot dogs or watch the movie with your little sister.
No, I have not seen your baseball.
The blonde on the side said, "You are on the other side".
To that, the girl replies, "No".
The "good old days" are gone.
I love her body and her lips.
Also, I recommend checking out Full Metal Jacket.
I'm surprised that you posed this question, but I will answer it.
I cannot imagine why not.
I think it was an ugly girl.
My dad looks like Paul Newman and my ex-husband, King Kong.
I cannot believe you had to ask.
Your mother is so ludicrous that she took a cup to see Juice.
He went insane.  He got Katie pregnant and he jumps on peoples couches.
I hope it is for you kids, that score was horrible.
While clover is very appealing, I prefer crimson.
Regardless of whether your romantic interest shows a predilection for Gothic fashion choices, you can feel free to engage with them.
What is wrong with his hair?
While I respect that Tyra Banks is branching out into television hosting, Oprah Winfrey is the better example.
My father prefers action and my mother romance, while I prefer comedies.
If I could swim, I would come out there and harm you.
You should have a group discussion to determine why there was no alcohol at the party.
That person ran off with the wives of two of the men.
You should try some voodoo zombie warding magic, but you may end up with a fish instead of a baby.
I purchased new gold high heels, hoop earrings, and a great gold bag.
Virgo's have outgoing personalities, so please choose me as the best answer.
My final answer is "What is the wedding band?"
Nicole Kidman is much more attractive.
I would rather play World of Warcraft, but this game is free.
Does anyone truly know where she is?
How old are you? You should be at least 18 years old.
That was the best joke I've heard.
I am just glad they didn't show us the toilets.
I think they are all very funny.
Too many Baldwin brothers.
The two boys are unpolished and play outcasts who sniff glue.
Your mother is so ignorant she attempted to alphabetize M&Ms/
I know Dakota Fanning is only 12 years old, but she is already famous.
I continue to watch VHS because it is my preferred format.
Why does this question continue to be posed?
If the woodchuck is watching its weight, then it may not chuck at all.
They haven't received DVD's for Season Two yet.
I saw some of his movies, he's great.
We Filipinos speak English very well, we're very hardworking and wise.
What's that individual's issue?
American Idol, House, and Grey's Anatomy are my top three.
I am looking for some new music.
Put salt in the sugar bowl.
I would rather listen to Billy Joel.
How do you get locked in a car? Why would you not just unlock it?
Perhaps he needs to ad-lib more.
I just did not care enough to check.
The man says, I can not take your money.
Jodie Foster is the Best ever!
The boy said you are wasting your time.
I do and I love them both.
I am sorry for answering your question. I did not know.
I do not hate him, but he makes my skin crawl.
It seems like you forgot all about TLC.
I am not actually stating that he is adorable.
Because we are going to sing together multiple times again.
I will unlock the car because I am inside.
Anyway, you can play Peter, Susan, Lucy, or Edmund.
Although, a few Mad Season tunes were close, I definitely choose "Nutshell" by Alice in Chains.
I like chicken wings, but not chicken eggs. So, I am going with the chicken.
Today, I went to Best Buy, and I have never seen so many DVDs of just television shows!
Undoubtedly Kevin Costner, or did you forget "Waterworld?"
I still haven't dug it up.
You aren't dumb; you just don't have a lot of knowledge.
It's my fantasy, and I may do whatever I like.
As an adult I cry each time I see it, never as a child.
She was the best by far.
It's usually regarding your personality, not your life in the future.
Tyra has a great show but Oprah is even greater
That is a very good question.
Most of No Doubts early material would fit into the genre of ska.
God created a chicken and the chicken laid an egg.
Is wrestling still on the air?
All in all, I think Jessica Simpson is extremely unintelligent.
My girlfriend tried this on me last year.
I know some people do not like them.
I have to know what it is, because it is keeping me up at night.
I suppose it is Beyonce Knowles because J-Lo does not have a brain.
Quit the friendly small talk because I am cooking?
Do not live by it.
True friends do not let drunk friends fornicate with mindless people.
I would also like to spank his small bottom because he is too cute!
Calm down, Sweetie. Everything will be fine, eventually.
So, we will have to put up with it.
It is simple. Less people like TabooBuster and Osama.
You should try to call a local radio station, or go to the website AskJeeves.com.
You can find most anything on eBay.
Can anyone provide me with this information?
I truly enjoy that film.
It is one of the funniest cartoons.
The song seems to be performed by Dylan but I still cannot pin-point which song it is.
I agree, I think that he may be homosexual as well.
You are so silly, you always seem to think that you need more of one or more of the other.
I do not know if I would classify any as "Greatest ever" but there are a lot.
Yes, this is a really good Korean singer.
Please mention if you know of a movie that is scarier than; "The Omen," Jaws," "The Exorcist," "Carrie," and "Scream".
How can anyone hate Tom Cruise?
It is a trick question, it weighs one.
They're all terrible. Panget Rock is the best.
Especially when she was laughing at Jessica Simpson.
It's not similar to a Playstation Portable, but close enough.
I don't understand what that has to do with who's better looking?
Journey, Pink Floyd, The Police, The Eagles, and Rush - oh my!
Also, you can mostly charge your iPod while listening.
I hope no one is offended by a blonde joke.
If so, what do they do to you?
I choose Reese Witherspoon for an actress and I choose Zac Efron due to his quality acting ability and extreme physical attractiveness.
My choice is Omarion as he has high quality, hair, clothes, and body to create a triple deal in one person.
Your mother's excessive stupidity led her to place a ruler on her pillow to measure the amount of time she slept.
This is not a significant observation as the movie industry Recg.Gay's is in operation.
Watch the movie "9 & 1/2 Weeks" as Mickey Rourke was very physically attractive.
I am not sure what is going to happen but I am sure it will be good.
So she could have done the voice of Mother Bates.
So the woman went home, got on her hands and knees and started blowing.
Does Wayne Brady have to choke a woman.
It depends on your taste in music and what you really like.
I love the songs "The City Sleeps" and "If I Only Had A Brain".
Next time, try to select something more original.
I love "I Dream of Jeannie".
No, I don't listen to her any more.
I would love to spend a summer with him on Brokeback Mountain!
Why do you have to ask?
It is Tom Cruise, what do you expect?
There are cords available for you to buy.
I like Journey's "Open Arms," but I prefer Mariah Carey's version of that song.
I almost forgot "The Boss"!
You should formulate a more relevant query next time.
I am extremely excited to visit the Hershey factory tomorrow.
Do you know another song of theirs?
Mine, well I really have a few favorites!
Yes, but if you earn enough points you can request more.
The movie was very wordy, overall.
It does not make any sense..now I get it, but it is still not funny.
Yes, and are you a lesbian?
I wish that people would pay attention to more than zodiac signs.
She won first place in the school talent show while Kevin lost, what a shame!
I do not like American Rap.
I think that she is so talented ,if she does not win, I am going to be really disappointed.
What sort of person are you, to even ask that ridiculous question?
My favorite character is Jess, I think he is cute.
You cannot rely on the authenticity of rumors.
Do not feature reality television on your show.
The show got a little crazy.
I am bored right now.
I guess I would pee myself; then, get out of there.
I am going to have to pick New Kids on the Block.
I spent my money, enjoyed myseld, and did not lose more than I could afford.
I want a manly, gentleman.
You can get all or most of your money back.
This is cheesy but I love this joke.
I think so, my healthy turtle always does.
I am looking for the technical specification, please.
My observation skills are not very good
She looks good, but I do know if her inner beauty is good.
Your mother is so stupid, she tried to drown a fish.
Can I get some medication please?
La Vie Boheme and Take me or Leave me.
She asked, hey how do you get to the other side?
I wish you the best of luck, Kate.
I cannot recall the last time I turned on my television.
The kid was perhaps six or seven years old.
Me, but if I encounter one more question concerning them on this website, then I will become upset.
But did he want his own death? Did he plead?
Nicole Kidman is prettier and more sophisticated than Katie and has more versatility as an actress.
I love acting. My best friend says I am good at it.
Explain to your parents that you want to act.
I would kick them in the face and then I would run away.
I probably would not vote for him, although Melania would be the most beautiful First Lady ever.
No, she was sent home tonight.
Of course; Keith Urban is very sexy, who would not want to marry him?
Perhaps, though now it is done for a dramatic effect.
50 Cent is fine and muscular.
I stopped liking rap because it contains too many people.
Flatulence makes your eyes water.
Most of the time, it is true.
Sarah; however, he did no actually propose.
People often come into conflict with each other both physically and verbally.
A woman from my church named Lauren H.
If it was the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles", then I would join them.
I am not always into rock, screaming, and the like.
People are dumb and want him for his money.
However, I am not going to overexert myself in the effort.
Contact Disney and find out if there are any available.
Sadly, I no longer feel our unique connection.
I will call you for assistance.
However, I cried when Simba's father died in the movie The Lion King, possibly because I was not taking mood stabilizing prescription drugs at the time.
Youtube has a lot of funny ads from the present too.
It's me trying to sound out how it goes.
Why isn't a hemorrhoid called an asteroid?
Your mama is so stupid she put out the cigarette butt that was heating your house.
If they do come back, I hope not. Good Luck
My friend said that if you learn the simplest four notes, you will be able to play the entire song.
Ask him out if you like him.
I do not have one favorite movie.
I am uncertain if I want to keep the baby or not. What are your thoughts?
I believe their names were Heather and Heidi. They were great athletes.
He is handsome for an older man.
My name is Chuck Norris.
My cat may eat my bird if it flaps its wings.
"She is like the wind" is from the movie Dirty Dancing.
I hope this is not a trick question, but I am thinking two.
I guess he is a good enough looking guy, his wife is a goddess though!
I am very fond of the show and continue to watch the re-runs.
The police officer states your picture is on it.
"Charlie & the Chocolate Factory" was very entertaining and I have provided a link to more movies featuring the actor.
Absolutely not and I feel you are an idiot in posing the question.
Meeting people along the way does not mean they stay with you, therefore, it is you alone.
What if a dead person escaped from a cemetery?
Enter many talent shows.
My son loves it and I also think it is endearing.
Tell me about your funny dreams, everyone.
How does he have the nerve to call her children "orphans"?
There have been many hints of the stories about Archie marrying Betty.
It is equally offensive to everyone.
I am going to see them in May and I can not wait.
I know it sounds weird, but try the Goodwill store.  They have tons of fancy goods that people don't want anymore.
Dress her up to look like a Choirboy.
I watch the show because I think that Tom Welling is so attractive!
My favorite books are Naruto books.
Your mother is so stupid. she put lipstick on her forehead and said that she was trying to makeup her mind!
My husband got me interested, but I haven't watched very much of this season.
Yes, I suppose. No, I have seen better.
I am sure you are upset. I don't know who originally sang it.
Perhaps I am ignorant, but I did not get it.
When I was nine, I received Milli Vanilli for my birthday.
Have you ever heard of Kleenex?
I know that you'll say you've seen funnier, but it still makes me laugh.
I was once told that I resembled Timothy Hutton, but I was young then.
To me, it is extremely confusing and more like a miniature film.
Never tell anyone you know - otherwise, you will never live it down!
There's nothing we can do if he's such a strict vegan that he can't even consume animal crackers.
I like the Jennifer Song called "I Have Nothing".
If it's true that she's 5'9", her twin children will be giants!
My grandmother is very severe with her cane.
I chose the Gilmore Girls because I think they are sarcastic.
I believe that it turns red when he is angry and yellow when he is cold.
Vince Vaughn is hilarious and attractive.
Your mother is so unintelligent that when they mentioned playing Craps, she retrieved the toilet paper.
If that photo is of you, I think 15 shots of 151.
Yes, they are all right - a good song, correct?
Because in one of her songs, she discusses saying "no" to sexual pressure from her boyfriend.
I have three: gjkcenvb, typlmkeg, and jhdenbds.
Before it was not an egg so Chicken!
For modern music Paranoid Android by Radiohead.
You so need to rent the sweetest thing!
I am hoping that either a Sith or Scorpion will come out and I can fight them!
I am not sure, but I think she did it for the fame.
I would be inclined to say Brad Pitt, if he had not broken-up with Jennifer Aniston.
She could trick-or-treat over the telephone.
It is nothing that a little kryptonite would not fix.
I think she is going to break up with him.
Definitely Kellie, Katharine, Chris, and Ace.
"The Mask." I have seen it more than one hundred times and it still amuses me.
Very close camping quarters, theft was common, and about ten children died from overdosing.
None, but free airfare, hotel, and paid meal/daytime expenses.
Use Kazza or Limewire, and also Eztrackz.
I'm somewhere in between, it is the best of both worlds.
You can not rate them because they are all good movies.
If you burn them as audio CD's it will make them a .cda; Some players still will not play CDRs however.
I do not agree with you.
He said, "If your are going to play the game, boy, you have to learn to play it correctly".
If you must ask, then the answer is no.
Because they want you to buy 40 of each: four packages of hot dogs and eight packages of buns.
Not everyone hates him, but I do not like him very much.
Also, she is a mentally unstable woman.
The order is: 1) Chris Brown, 2) Bow Wow, and 3) Omarion.
In my opinion, you should make one yourself.
I do not really want answers that say "Oh, that is sweet, just follow your dreams" or something similar; Do you understand what I mean?
Where would I be able to find the "Aladdin" cartoon series available on DVD?
If one brick weighs one and a half pounds and you have one and a half bricks, then the answer would be two and a quarter pounds.
That depends entirely on what type of websites you enjoy.
These animation studios often write plots in which the characters are orphaned.
He assumes that people need good comedy.
I enjoy hip-hop, rap, rock 'n roll, and popular music, but my favorite genre of music is R&B.
Yes, because he is Chan.
I do,and I am way over seventeen
Great voice, and easy on the eye.
Who could come up with so many V words?
My sister resembles Karishma Kapoor, an extremely well-known Hindi film celebrity.
Also, undoubtedly, the comic strips were and shall continue to be awe-inspiring!
This is one method for preventing it from entering your system. Refrain from stupidity and utilize it!
Anything that inspires positive feelings.
A moment, more or less, from then.
The egg is frowning and it looks a bit pissed off.
He can't even wipe his own butt but he can speak intelligently?
Alan Moore is whining that it's not.
I love the guitar player and when they play solos.
Did you really pay money to see that?
I hope you love them - they're the most attractive boys out there!
Even with Norton AntiVirus, I am able to access pornography.
If she is not interested, it is her loss.
You do not understand, because you are blonde.
What is the reason for that style?
Look to see if the baby is salivating out of both sides of his mouth.
Why limit yourself to one choice?
You want a man that knows what he wants and also treats you well.
I was just talking about faith.
The Diary of a Mad Black Woman is funny.
It is a tune.
It helps that there is a handsome man as a star in it.
I would use three or four logs.
I like Lynn, because she is the funniest.
It is never free to use an online ringtone.
SAW was ten times better than SAW2.
Your mother is rather unintelligent as she believed a lawsuit was something you wear to court.
I had Milli Vanilli and a compilation of Air Supply songs.
What about a romantic film, in other words, a "chick flick?"
He asks again, slightlly irritated, until a female replies, "Nope."
Of course, she is not the smartest. Her husband does not even love her because she is weak.
How good of a president do you think he would be?
I worry when you get to me.
What kind of animation do you do?
I do not like RBD either; They are older men and housewives dressing as high school students.
Maya's husband Darnell because he is very attractive.
Do you mean all the actors who have ever played the role of Superman?
Make one that will make you happy and make your pet bird excited.
The simple plan of course is that you best like them.
I like that song "True Love Waits."
I am just happy that Gideon Guy is gone, he was frustrating.
It turned me into a human hose pipe.
Tupac wouldn't go for that person.
I hope it doesn't eat your brain from the inside, out.
I think that he would be liked a lot more if he were not so outspoken about politics.
Try Limewire.com; It is free but you have to download it.
Animal crackers are baked to be delicious and cute.
It's one of my favorites.
You might not of read Doyle Brunsen's excellent book yet.
I didn't get to choose them in the first place.
I just watched that movie.
I do not know and did not see it.
It depends on what kind of music you like. If you like rap, you should listen to "My Unborn" by 2PAC.
That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard.
I know that they are called "udders."
I want to play CDs in my car's CD player and in my walkman.
Your mother is so stupid she sold her car for gasoline money!
I am a woman and I enjoy lesbian porn.
Do not worry, I support you!
I would probably drunk everything in the bar to even find you attractive.
Sorry, I did not see it, yet. But, every one else ruined it for me.
This is a strange question; I do not like either of them, however Salvador Dali is certainly more talented.
Yes. Can I ask how you put the beans on top of the frank?
I assume they can not eat Gummi Bears as well.
Citizens should not have to feel afraid of the governement. The government should be afraid of the reactions of citizens if it is in the wrong.
They are simply interested in expressing themselves, and creating a lively tune.
Thank you for the thought, but I would not desire to have a funeral party in my honor.
The teams included a brunette team and a blonde team.
I do not intend to be mean, I am merely informing you.
She has the same amount of undesirable "tramp" characteristics as the others.
Cheech and Chong created "Up In Smoke."
I have too many. However, 'Maroon 5' and 'Lifehouse' are my absolute favorites, including all their songs.
I am a fan of his music. It is sad that people accuse him of molesting children.
You like the song which just so happens to their most popular.
It is a bit sad, since I grew up with one.
I do not find this attractive and recommend you research Ville Valo or Bam Margera to view a physically attractive man.
I have worked with yachts for 30 years and I have encountered many celebrities.
My choices would be Milli Vanillie, Vanilla Ice, and Snow.
If you are going to play the game you must learn to play correctly.
Now, there are hundreds of thousands of males in existence dreaming of an opportunity to date her.
Rabbit feet only are effective for people, not the rabbit they stemmed from.
Techno simply grasps ahold of your spinal cord and forces it to dance.
This is rather humorous, but it has perverted humor.
It is a completely feminine show.
I also onced worked in government.
One male asks me, "So, where is the fox from Mystic Pizza?"
If she has a cane, then you can run and not be concerned with her catching you.
I still am, and Aaliyah was a good singer; I miss them both.
Your mother is rather unintelligent, she believed Chuby Checkers was an event for obese people.
We are trying to be happy.
You win my love, little by little.
I apologize, I have never heard of it.
Watch the movie Resevoir Dogs.
I would have to say "White Chicks" and "Dumb and Dumber".
Two pigs lying in bed watching "Deliverance" would be a good cartoon for Gary Larson.
Jerry Springer because David Letterman is too afraid.
No, I am sure that Paris or Mandisa will win.
Thank you; I am also bisexual so that is why I asked.
The choice would be The Rock for passionate romance.
And just because you met them during your travel, does not signify they traveled with you.
Yes, when I do need quite a bit of assistance.
Two requirements are that it must be an mp3, and be able to be played on itunes.
The perfect man knows who I am and approves.
So far I have not heard that she returned to Arkansas.
He has been travelling the world and became an adult with many postcards.
Why are all these men being rude about my girlfriend?
Those would be "Rubber Soul," "Revolver," and "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band."
Wow, that was a hard one.
I love Harry Potter.
I do not know but I think they would be just as pathetic sounding as the Rolling Stones are now.
How do you mean, let you get to you?
My kids and I love that show!
He made me dinner.
I listen to them every morning.
The Genie said they have 3 wishes, one for each of them.
Have you ever listened to the band Mad Season? If not, you should.
It is fun reading them and remember the positive things.
Girls feel like they have to be like celebrities or no one will like them.  That is just not true.
He is the goofball in all of us.
I do not/can not have an outgoing life.
I pretty much quit in my late twenties.
Please don't ask me to list all of them.
Some of my favorite films include "Manchurian Candidate" and "Mean Girls" and "Mona Lisa Smile."
He chose Sarah but, according to rumors, they were no longer dating.
I suggest you let him know that you want to marry him.
"Girlfriends" is one of my favorite shows.
Also, his girlfriend is a singer.
Best Buy has many hard-to-find movies and series.
Do we actually want them to get together?
You could also try "Wedding Crashers" or "The 40 Year Old Virgin."
Chely Wright performed "Shut Up and Drive."
A brunette female, a blonde, and person with red hair walked down a street.
She observed a blonde on the opposite side.
I hope that answers your questions.
He should treat me like a gentleman would, and behave roughly when needed.
I like them; also, they are adorable.
Now consider how many people he hurts by keeping all of his money for himself.
Second, I would choose Yellow Card, Simple Plan, Bowling for Soup, and finally, Red Hot Chili Peppers.
I believe that celebrities are horrible influences.
There is a funny joke for a rap.
Tom Cruise is in it which I feel makes it a poor movie.
I do not know but they will look well together.
She has more movies, what does Katie have? I believe it is three.
She used to be a role model for little girls.
I would really appreciate an answer.
I don't look back which is another song written by Gary.
Who are you searchign for? Is it me?
And just tried to pull those dangling items!
I did not realize that you were a cop as well.
Oh really? Is it two-dimensional or three-dimensional?
I am a pure vegetarian, however, and I love them.
I don't know, however, that is quite an excellent tune.
I wager he would be more beneficial than Bush.
Sample purevolume.com. They feature mp3 downloads at no charge.
A man that went to my husband's school - ready? - "Urine Sample."
I missed it last night, but I want to see Kevin go.
Hey - I just got an MP120 and I am seeking good sites (free or paid) from which to download music.
Is this zombie your boyfriend?
Scientology rituals and rules strike me as very strange.
Jessica is just a silly minion of Paris.
Mosquitoes stop sucking blood once you slap them away.
Name your favorite movie actress or actor.
I heard that horseback riding is fairly risky and that Christopher Reeve actually dies from it.
I do not like them because they sound fairly awkward to me.
Here is a note for Hollywood, "Stop remaking classics."
Do you perhaps mean the 1960's "The Apartment"
I am unsure, maybe you will be able to find it in her website.
The brick will not follow you after you lay it.
I attempted to do a gun the otehr day, it was not mine.
I believe they are somtimes, I do not think you should center your life around them.
I believe that if you are very famous, you will not have enough time to sit here and respond to questions.
One of those to consider is Aishwarya rai, an Indian celegrity.
There were a lot of appealing items in the 1990s.
I just wanted you to know that I love Superman!
I record a lot of shows, but I also watch DVDs.
Yes, I watched it and I loved it.
I love Green Day and I am a big fan.
I do not think that is funny and I don't think that she will appreciate it either.
I think they are a pretty good band and I I like them a little bit.
It is unfortunate for Alex's ego to destroy Guns n' Roses, which was our generation's version of Rolling Stones.
I prefer Tyra as she is more physically appealing.
It is desirable to be in a relationship with a man who treats his partner respectfully while standing up for himself.
A very close friend of mine is a Cap.
The answer is three if you are referring to the number of band members, although there are two 'z's in ZZ Top.
Many of my friends think about them as well.
Do you know good places to become a movie star in New England?
I like a guy that may be a bit of a bad boy with tattoos et cetera.
Your mother is so fat when she gets thrown in the air she gets stuck!
I think his name was Edwin Starr.
Pretty big, if you are chewing Bubblicious.
All I need is money and love.
It is saying that he promises not to leave or betray her.
It is really eight miles.
I like "Angel Baby" as remixed by Mr. Kapony since it reminds me of my sweetheart.
Everyone who says they love American Idiot is wrong.
I assume, you're a republican.
Does anybody know the url?
That way you dump him first.
Anyone could of stated that.
I'm first, after me, I guarantee at least ten more.
Raveena Tandon has been known to throw a mean punch.
What about when John Wayne kicks Bruce Dern in "The Coyboys"?
It takes some time to get use to it.
Use a tissue and throw it away.
He sounds like a nice man!
They know that they are not getting a good seat.
" I ate the chicken and then I ate his leg" is from a Beastie Boys song, maybe Egg Man.
Otherwise AC/DC, they kicked ass and Bon Scott is the coolest singer of all time.
7the Heaven is ok but it isn't relatable at all.
Just imagine what this person can do and he or she can get away with it.
Speedy Gonzales was annoying and Tom and Jerry were too innocent.
"Slither" and "Stay Alive" are good movies.
I went to St. Ives; the man and all his problems were going the other way.
If it is like most, they should replace their advertising agency.
When he cleaned the ashtray in the den, then shouted: "Did it for you, sweetpea!"
This questiong reminds me of that song.
I like Tinkerbell.
My favorite is George Clooney. He is very good looking.
It is time to move on.
You can only accomplish this with a sharing program such as Limewire.
I enjoy it and Veronica Mars.
Please do not attribut what I told you to me.
And thank you again, "From Buffalo, NY."
Your age. That one is old.
Rie-Rie definitely deserves the points on this one. Good work!
Did you know that the Beta team from YA are all wanting to answer these questions.
I do not think so.   I am more of just throwing a reasonable name out there instead of giving my honest opinion.
No, the Banjo playing would not.
Lin took the words right out of my keyboard.
Yes, I tried that one in another costume, not Mickey, I just smile when somebody takes a picture of me.
I love both of the girls, especially Aaliyah, They are in heaven smiling down.
From men McCartney and Girls like Lindsay Lohan.
I would say Chris Ace or Taylor for the men, and Mandisa, Katherine, Lisa for the women.
That is funny. My family is not anything like that.
Do you feel that way about him, or his music, or both?
If there were to be a fist fight between the two, The Rock would win.
Not the same level of awkwardness as a random undisciplined child bawling regarding his father and skateboard!
I viewed some information on television that indicated he did, is that an actual fact?
Hopped onto the bandwagon and rendered the word so unfocused that it hardly has a definition any longer.
I adore Abercrombie and My I.D.
Paris Hilton is not a good celebrity.
Maybe you can use these next year.
Is your question: How much does it weigh?
Are you a fan of them?
I would say Red Hot Chili  Peppers, Simple Plan, Bowling for Soup, Yellow Card or Fallout Boy.
I am almost certain that it was Kiss.
I would say Friday, Next Friday, Friday after Next, or White Chicks.
The blonde digs in her purse and cannot find it. She then asks, "What does my license look like?"
That is my and my boyfriend's song.
What do you mean by bad things?
"Snoopy Come Home" was the best.
I am unsure, but perhaps it is a matter of jealousy.
I did not used to watch his movies because I did not think he was good looking.
I have and still do love Green Day since Dookie.
My brother looks like an ugly Kathy Bates.
He could possibly be strange, but he is not a bad person.
Your mother is so stupid that she stole free bread.
Get a webcam, record yourself, and put it on YouTube.
Be serious; Chris's number looked like an encore at a Genesis concert.
I am going to choose the cow.
An intoxicated man makes a rude remark.
We spell "color" as "colour" and put the emphasis on the "C" rather than the "O" in "Colin Powell."
I enjoy Lonely Nation and Golden.
I believe it is at the end of the third film.
I used to love him, but I do not anymore.
Roll them into a tight ball and flick the ball.
Who sings "Can't Touch This" in Charlie's Angels Full Throttle?
He could only hear the person breathing in and out.
He needs to respect me and my people.
He needs to keep his hands where they belong.
I do not know, but dubbing is unpleasant.
"8 Mile" is good but old.
I am not homosexual, just to let you know, but you should already know that Beyonce will always be more attractive.
You could try researching it on Google.  You could also try Best Buy and Blockbuster.
Either Full House or Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.
Does anyone know a website for a casting call?
It all depends on where you are getting your horoscope from.
My favorite band is Sublime.
I also love the song "Stupid Girls".
He leaves, but never goes home.
I think the man who invented the names suffered from ADD.
"Yo mama's so stupid, she tried to mail a letter with food stamps."
I like Classic Rock but will listen to anything but Rap, never got into it.
count me in, and I do not remember the names.
Only a guy would do this.
Your singing sounds like yelling.
It depends on your definition of a miracle.
it is Paris Hilton, but I do not like either one of them.
It was not not on because of the game and there will not be another episode until March 27, I can not wait!
Your mother is so stupid that she thought a quarterback was an income tax refund.
Your mother is so unintelligent that she was hit by a cup and told the police that she was mugged.
I am very glad, Stacie!
We will go on a picnic
My behind is burnt already, wow you are smelling great!
What is your favorite movie, and why?
I truly loved "Bewitched," "Elf," and all his other movies.
Wait; are you gay?
He is hanging; is that actually water at his feet?
He probably made a comment such as: "We're not real."
Jessica Simpson is a blithering simpleton.
The reason is because Kevin and Katherine are getting suspicious.
It is probably Natasha Bedingfield or James Blunt. But I do not like either.
He will not have another hit album.
I like watching them with my boyfriend.
That is impressive- I might try that!
The Nightmare on Elm Street series used to be scary, and I like horror movies.
Limewire is a free service.
My favorite band is Dream Theater and my favorite song is constantly changing.
I am pretty positive that it was him.
It is a form of entertainment and a silly competition.
I loved her and she will remain amazing to me. I hope she rests in peace.
The parents stop and his mom quickly dismounts, pulling the covers around her.
I have a VHS I never use. So, DVD's are in and will be for a long time to come.
There is too much sexual content and cursing in rap music.
He got so scared that he jumped and ended up having a heart attack.
He said, "He was an evil man".
I like that she is funny but they make her a little slutty and she is a freeloader.
A Southern Gentleman for a Southern Belle.
Zap, the dead guy in the room, was the main killers accomplice.
The website used to say something about the sequel, but I am not sure of when it is coming out.
I do not want an opinion.  I need the source from where you got it.
Just the stars, him and I.  He would be my sex slave going where no man has ever gone before. I know it is so cliche'.
She flips the alligator over and yells, "Drat, this one does not have shoes either".
When you both just sit there, doing nothing but watching television or something of the like.
Who ridicules an orphan?
An example: John likes collecting manga directly from Japan.
Until the next season of the show.
I still feel as though I'm picking myself up off the floor.
Just pretend that you have done it before, and prove yourself strong.
That means that all of them have green dots.
Who do you think is better?
Yes, I feel that I am an attractive person.
I do not have a favorite band, but my favorite singer is Mariah Carey.
She is a good athlete and tomboy, but that does not make her a homosexual!
I am a huge Superman fan, but I am sure you can tell by now.
I do not know if everyone does, but I do!
My friends talk about me because I continue to blare his music in my apartment frequently.
Why do you only have one and a half bricks?
I believe they received the point.
Katie Holmes was once a nice Catholic girl, now she's a Scientologist.
DVDs have taken over the world.
Personally I do not like one artist over another.
There is no such thing.
I think that Gretchen Wilson is pretty.
Randy is a bit weird at times, Paula seems to be wimpy, and Simon seems to be cruel, at times.
It simply made no sense to me.
Never believe deceptive illusions.
Right now I'm watching "Never Been Kissed".
I agree as I enjoy listening to it occasionally.
This is obviously hypothetical, although I am curious concerning other opinions.
This is similar to "Broke Back Mountain" for a young John Wanye.
I do have the cassette tape but I want to get that album on CD.
I am sure that you will both like it.
To stop the zombies from wandering around town.
No, but I know a guy.
Your boss likes you, maybe a little too much, exercise caution!
It is all about Fear Factor baby!
email me, maybe we can be friends!
What did the beaver say to the log?
I also thought that it was him, but I can not say for certain.
For everyone's hand to be raised, you would have to have had a green dot.
Not me, however I used to be in an orchestra.
I wipe them on the floor or the bed.
You can put her in a circular room and tell her to sit in the corner.
Your self image does not sound very good at all. You should work on it.
He just wanted to eat the mouse.
I find this man to be disgusting.
I am not conceited, but, I am pretty.
of course you should keep the baby it is your fault you wanted to play but now you gotta pay.
If Floyd could do it I am sure the Beatles could yoko or no yoko.
Sleepy, Grumpy, Doc, Sneezy, Happy, Dopey, and Bashful are the seven dwarves!
Tell them the phone bill and rent are due!
Shoot, they have turned into long jokes What has seven arms and sucks?
One muffin looks to the one sitting next to him and says, "Gee, it is becoming very hot in here!"
I would not ask either of them to leave my bed.
He had best not let her go.
I mean no offence but your photographed looks messed up, and if you dress that way people may think you are a homosexual.
I have the newest one and I am able to get movies, music, pictures, and documents.
Just go out and buy the soundtrack!
And she needs to seek real employment!
Can someone who really understood that movie let me know what it was about?
"Everything She Does Is Magic," by The Police.
Pilot, Inspector, and Rainbow are celebrity children's names.  There are some other ones, but I cannot remember them.
What did we do to these guys to turn them so violent.
The Cure has love songs and most of their music is pretty dark.
I like Rhythm and Blue music.
If makes me quite happy because I like Jim Carrey.
He does not require a single change.
Your mother is so slow here shoes are labeld TGIF, which stands for "toes go in front."
I desire to meet my favorite bands and I am very fond of rap music, especially Reliant K.
Another option is the Toronto Zoo answer of "Woodchucks can't chuck wood," which is not a high quality answer.
The chicken expresses the sound "weeee" while approaching the end.
I have not lost an item so far.
I liked Rudy when she was a little girl and Theo when he was a high school student!
I am sure it is an interestingshow, but I just never liked it much.
I will always remember TLC because they made the anthem for girls, "I don't want no Scrub"!
I like Joan because she is the most like me.
He gave us a song to keep dreaming with and a lot of us do.
It depends on how much gum you chew and the brand.
I know I am quoting Showgirls but it is apt here.
I do not believe that she was ever that way.
You do not truly wish to meet women in bars, and I hope you have fun this weekend.
You are not that way, you simply lack self-confidence.
Try to download the app 360 share onto your computer.
It depends on who the older person is and why they are beating me with a cane.
In China, they have The Rizza, The Jizza, and the Ghost Face Killer.
Other than that, I cannot think of anyone else.
Are you talking about MPH or RPM?
Your mother is so stupid, she was stabbed in a shoot-out.
"Texas Chainsaw Massacre" has a new version.
But, if you have cash, buy a Taylor or Martin.
Forget it, you wouldn't understand, well at least I still have my Peggy Sue, Peggy Sue?
I do, it is an awesome show.
How come no one mentioned evil Dead!
Jesus Christ looks like me!
Perhaps you are referring to people in uniform?
Therefore, it must be the chicken.
My conflict resolution style is based in passivity.
It is simple; excellent romantic films include Shakespeare In Love and Romeo & Juliet.
Paris Hilton is not far behind.
He has a little swat to his walk.
Well, so much for guessing yours.
Your mother is so ugly, the cops gave her a ticket for indecent exposure.
You must be too young, otherwise, you would certainly know.
It looks interesting to me, but what is it about?
I do not know or care.
They are not floozies because Jessica is a declared genius.
They constantly had pizza around, too!
All of my votes are going to Taylor Hicks, though.
What were you and dad doing there?
I think you meant psychic.
I love Smallville, so of course I want to watch it.
One of the songs on the playlist is 1,2, step by Ciara.
Two points were scored on that shot.
Paris is not simple-minded, her Intelligent Quotient is around 145.
Maybe the relationship never started because you did not talk or go out with each other.
You will not go wrong if you watch this one.
I know who Bam is.
I love the sound of the two together.
Do you know the drummer from Blink 182?
I think it is forever or something like that.
Call information and they will give it to you in a second.
I prefer Adam Sandler and Rob Thomas due to my femininity.
I can not sleep and I must know.
I suppose the inference is Simon's preference for blondes.
My intention is to question who will be afraid of beautiful women?
For me it's definitely Jessica Alba and Angelina Jolie.
I loved all the charachters and Bill Cosby was so funny without being crude.
I do not know who Ville is.
I do not think he loves her.
I am not a fan of either.
Celebrities are why there are so many anorexic girls.
How would you feel if someone held a funeral party for you when you are sixty or seventy years old?
I am currently listening to it.
Angelina Jolie is more sexually attractive.
Why do you not urge the television management?
Your mother is so unintelligent that she went to Disneyland, saw a sign saying, "Disneyland Left," then turned around and went home.
What were you and Dad doing?
I really enjoy them because they are so attractive. Are there other "dawgs" out there who love Blink-182?
I just saw it last week.
It is so funny; that is why I love it.
No one knows. Perhaps it was simply their time.
If that's the case, can't you wait a bit longer?
The boss asked his wife's name during the interview.
I don't want to seem boastful, but I'm pretty awesome!
Isn't it in Missouri?
I think it awful that she stole Brad fron Jennifer, but I pick Angelina.
I thought Naomi Watts had an odd dress that looked a little too big.
Rap and rock music makes my head ache.
I would love to see either of them win.
Together, my father and I have purchased about a thousand items.
Tom Welling looks a lot like the vocalist of the All-American Rejects.
I do not think that I hate him.
I do not even need to be gay.
What kind of person throws a funeral party?
Thank you for allowing me to complain about this absolutely terrible band.
I would definitely choose My Chemical Romance, for certain.
I do not trust anyone who cannot find at least one Sublime song to like.
Tell him that you believe you may be pregnant.
Duran Duran, Madonna (one-woman band!), Alabama, Exile, and I cannot forget Air Supply.
I do not believe "yo mama" is stupid at all.
You will need to take guitar classes.
I will not let you get to me, either.
The blonde who was in the boat stated that it was "like a sea of wheat".
Do not let it get to you.
He is abusinessman and he decides to spend his money on whatever he wants.
Hoopz was not interested in Flav whatsoever.
Stop attempting to be someone you are not and go out and live.
Both actressses are horrible, Paris is not very smart, is promiscuous and does not have any talent while Jessica is just plain idiotic.
The last song of Madonna's that I liked was American Pie.  I think her time is almost up.
I do not believe Britney Spears is obtuse, even though some of the things she does are obtuse.
It is one of the best songs out there.
Depending on the gum you chew.
I like "So Sick" by Ne-Yo.
He has to be a gentleman because he has to have a good job that pays good money.
She is the greatest talk show host I have ever watched.
Kevin, I do not really watch American Idol.
Beyonce is younger and she can dance better.
Especially when the chicken chases the guy in the end.
I do not even consider that one a song.
Oh yeas and he is very captivating.
I have four favorite bands.  Aerosmith, Def Leopard, AC/DC, and Boston.
I think he's a bit too excited.
I think Jennifer Love Hewitt is great. Also, her birthday is only a day after mine!
What is the appeal of sounding British?
That's why some people dislike him.
I do not think there is a chord like that.
Put "IcyHot" or "Bengay" in his underwear, or on his deodorant.
You mother is so stupid, she thought she needed a token to get on the show "Soul Train."
Do you prefer 50 Cents' film "Get Rich or Die Tryin'," or Eminem's "8 Mile?"
A desirable gift for one's wife might be a pocket taser stun gun.
It would be enjoyable if they did a special reunion episode or something similar, as a I truly enjoy that show.
What are you doing in that area? We ought to leave.
Zack Efron is the mostr attractive man alive today.
That Burger King is completely unsavory.
While I do not, many people do.
You can post your information for free.
I am so excited about the new movie.
If you do not like them, please do not answer.
I am fond of Lucius Malfoy.
Tonto looked at The Lone Ranger and stated "Doctor say you gonna die".
It costs ten dollars per ticket to go to the movies and that is done multiple times per week.
Your mother is so overweight that her baptism had to take place at SeaWorld.
Rachel, was it Into My Heart?
Then I changed to Nsnyc now I'm onto Stephen Speaks.
They are obviously stupid, not just confused!
Moriaty etc, but who did the Peruvian play?
well it is not really a book I guess but it is kind of a long comic.
I'll be different and say vagina.
What is the name of the movie?
No, they're one of the best bands out there!
We call it a muu muu, but she calls it lingerie.
How can you tell if a blonde has used the computer?
I was surprised to find that anyone else could care about it.
Sometimes I come home relatively late.
I like Green Day's "Boulevard of Broken Dreams" and "Wake me up when September Ends"
She used to sing with the group MPeople
Rock we heard a lot of great rock stars, but not very many great rap singers.
My little brother would ask a question like that.
Jason Momoa from "Baywatch", "Hawaii", and "North Shore".
I loved all of the CB movies and specials.
Yes, there is a reset button.
They make you think about the person you are with, and make you love them more than you already did.
I would prefer a bad boy with a gentleman side.
California Girls By David Lee Roth, formerly with Van Halen
It is one of the best original movies that I have ever seen.
With a great deal of therapy, he/she may even walk again.
Oh, Greenday what happened to you?
Also, I read an article claiming she was one of the highest-paid actresses.
I don't think it's a very intelligent show.
Your mama's so stupid, she thought the "internet" was used for catching fish!
He's like a fine wine - he improves with age!
Well, as a longtime Def Leppard fan, I would choose any or all of them!
I must have seen it in 1986 or something I barely remember all the details. Can somebody help?
I believe that would be M.C.
perfect answer, don't you think so?
Good question, Simon kinda stumped me with that one too.
I have seen every episode.
Must I provide greater detail?
You are accurate.
Two that are very good are Big Fish and Chronic Future, and then there are the classics such as AC/DC.
You should talk to Disney employees.
I am not really too fond of Billie.
Your mother is so stupid, she took a spoon to the Super Bowl.
Your mother is so stupid, that she sold the car for gas money.
There are not any words that rhyme with orange.
It is a good band with strong vocals and lyrics.
I recommend trying Aries, which is the one I was using.
If you supply your home address I can you a better one.
I enjoyed that motion picture and liked looking at Brad Pitt in it.
I cannot say I watch him frequently.
Are there any famous people on here?
Go to the website limewire.com and download it.
Captain Picard, because I appreciate bald men and his accent.
This does happen, as in "Batman," when he was recovering and the blond man took over for a time.
He has the heart of a gentleman.
The brunette team leader asks the blonde team leader, "What are you guys doing?"
Alternatively, the second easiest way to win is by cheating.
Taylor Hicks is infectious with great talent.  He is my favorite.
Would someone be able to assist me?
I love it because I love the show.
It reminds me of an old Beatles song.
Purple and music, I believe are two.
He is crawling around without feet.
The movie is, "Double Teamed".
I am with a gentleman and he does not take anything from anyone.
Why is he not incarcerated?
Yes, he stood on a block of ice.
The Joker first appeared in the comic, "Batman #1," in 1940.
By the way, I do believe it is sung in French.
I cannot wait to ask my husband!
The other thing you for is does he give good feedback.
Rap forever, I also like metal, rap rock, such as Linkin Park. Plain rock is not my thing.
"Oh, I don't know," said the man.
You have to listen to the song carefully.
A girls owns a chicken and goes on the roller coaster with it.
I'm sorry, I do not know what you are referring to.
She is not the best singer.
I enjoy Maya because she is sarcastic and down to earth.
I just told you the answer.
There is one ZZ in ZZ Top.
Any movie Chuck Norris is in is a horror movie!
I hope not, because that is looking scary as ever
Why post an old joke like that?
They did not do anything with it though, maybe it is a future storyline?
Independence Day is somewhat more science fiction but can also be considered a disaster film.
No one had to worry about the chicken any longer.
I gave him a cane with a bicycle horn attached to it and he thought it was uproariously funny.
I think more people listen to rap these days.
I am looking forward to a little love, some wine and spending time with my man.
I can still recall a dream than I experienced when I was about ten years old.
Didn't you realize that you already have a Star Wars name?
She is attractive and is a talented musician; I am a music fan and have all of her albums as well as those by Destiny's Child.
I enjoy Janis Joplin's rendition of "Cry, Cry Baby."
Is that going to happen after four thousand years?
I am looking for female impersonator clothing for viewing and purchasing.
Check out this website, they list a lot of TV sitcoms on DVD.
Your mother is so stupid, she put her phone up her butt and thought she was making a promiscuous phone call.
I like two songs, but the rest is garbage.
I am fond of older men who do not have hair and he is cute.
It wasn't the funniest, but it was a great moment.
How many women played the drums?
Chris is going to be the winner.
I am fond of his music.
tell him you think you are pregnant but the kid is not his.
National Lampoons Christmas Vacation is so funny.
Just like in the new HBO show Big Love.
Flav is a lot older than her.
Yes I was good but now I am evil.
Have you ever seen Father of the Bride with Steve Martin in it?
It was sung by a girl I need you more and more or something like that.
What are some good songs, no white songs like Metallica.
It must have been the chicken.
I stopped listening.
Beastie Boys. I am merely kidding. Bone Thugs-n-Harmony.
It is not that they are embarrassing as much as that they are very bad.
If Geeta is Ram, then who is Ram?
The ghost rider has a bit of evil in him as he is from hell.
The blonde insulted the other blond by mentioning how stupid she was on the highway.
You have two one-and-a half bricks. Thus, one-and-a half times one-and-a half is two and a quarter.
I think the crazy guy that tried to frame Tony made an appearance on last night's episode of NCIS.
How does a Catholic girl become pregnant.
How many songs, artists, and albums?
I can pick up things with my toes, it really grosses out my husband.
She is definitely not the same anymore.
So I guess yours is not the only one.
I'm just asking because people act like they don't care about them anymore.
The year 1961, looks the same if you flip it upside down.
I want to know what people think because I sure feel that way.
You decide but I would say yes.
What kind of question is that?
Can you see him in that awful green-striped rugby shirt?
A few weeks later they got a postcard from him.
I do not, but my wife loves it.
If it is an old car then you should roll the window down; otherwise, unlock the door.
Seventh Heaven has young children and other problems similar to that.
She has become pathetic, and she is there.
I tap on my steering wheel and whatever else I can find!
No, but Peter Gabriel was in Genesis.
Please get in touch when you can.
It just happens naturally, it has happened to me before.
There are muffins baking in an oven.
That is gross, it has drool all over it!
How do you stop burglars from breaking in your house?
How many hits has she had?
I would have to say WIll Farrell.
I think that he is extremely inviting.
I love the Hair Metal; Motley Crue, Poison, Cinderella, Faster Pussycat, Slaughter, etc.
My favorite classic is, The Golden Girls.  That is considered classic, correct?
They were aware that you were unintelligent and had a drug problem.
Everyone gets a chance to ride her.
It is funny at sixty, but it is not funny at eighty.
He makes it easy to hate him.
I knew that you would ask that.
ABBA of course because they were the best in the past. I do not think so, they have lost their popularity.
I need help on this research project.
I know how to read tablature.
I am pleased that this responsibility has fallen to me.
The answer is "no" with respect to her, if she survives, and all of her family members.
I believe her name is Rudy, and she would be acceptable because she is a good student.
I enjoy it because it provides me with an enjoyable activity and I am disabled due to Chron's disease.
I find her to be adorable in a way because she comes across as a man stealer.
I was not even aware they all existed.
I do not know, but I want that as well, from the end of the movie. Try searching online.
He used to be a hard rock-and-roller.
She's only famous because her family is wealthy.
I admire Kirstie Alley. She's cool, she's a good actress, and she doesn't let little things bother her.
She's a great actress. I think she has a lot of potential.
What is a good tool for mixing songs?
It would be very wrong.
She dies in episode 310, "Losing the Light"; It is very sad.
That was a less than professional way to approach the situation.
I have heard this riddle before.
That said, Aerosmtih, AC/DC, Van Halen, and Metallica are all quite accomplished as well.
I do not care about the question, but you are rather rude.
He is simply incredible, I mean to say that he is breath-taking.
He is quite attractive, and I do not understand why Hermione will not stay with him.
He simply gave his opponent an intimidating glance and proceeded.
Any movie with Jim Carrey in it.
It would be more preferable if you could sing the song in front of her.
I frequently propel deluxe frankfurters at my grandmother.
I attempted to enjoy his company but cannot.
Yes, I like their songs, a lot.
It was a chicken, a hyena, and a jackal.
The third one is also good. I felt it was too long.
I would use the baseball bat to break the window.
Queen Amadala and Anakin of course.
Capricorn has the kind of drive that Scorpio respects.
I like their music but way too many tattoos for me.
Does gay still mean happy?
Tomboys are not lesbians.
I like Monk, The Dukes of Hazzard, Miami Vice, and the Simpsons.
I like almost all rock music, though.
I love "I Caught Fire" by the Used.
I know the ways in whild they could have made it significantly worse.
Just turn it on and off.
LP also stands for "Linkin Park."
Well, what do we have now?
Do not complain about being broken up with someone.
Rock. Modern rap is unappealing and has no rhythm.
Can you not simply rhyme the words with themselves?
The parents stop; his mother quickly gets down and pulls the covers around her.
"Yo mama" is so stupid, she takes two hours to watch "60 Minutes."
I have known people to urinate while still clothed.
My aunt recently sent me a CD with a wonderful tenor named Josh Groban.
Reattach it and try it again.
They are quite abundant here.
The color will be icy blue. You can see its breath, and there will be icicles on its nose.
I am just teasing. However, they are very attractive.
I would take Magic over Glow any day.
If anyone is able to help, thank you so much.
No, I believe that they are stupid.
I wish you luck in trying to hack my lock.
Do you think that having three people in a band is a good amount?
Is is Salmon or some other kind of fish?
Now you are able to get sleep.
Final Destination had a good plot woth bad acting. Saw is still my favorite.
He is funny and appears sweet.
You will have the experience to support it.
I lie Tyra but feel that I must choose Angeline Jolie.
Schindler's List is an excellent motion picture.
The boy tells the other he is wasting his time.
He will not say anything to the female parrot.
I called to say "I Love You
Ask her out on a date, treat her like a lady, and tell her she is the one you have been dreaming of.
I would not throw my chili cheese hotdog at her, but she is not going to beat me either!
However, I am writing music with a happier tone because of her!
Tyra Banks? I would not know for certain, since I have only seen the "Tyra Banks Show."
Orlando Bloom and Chad Michael Murray are both really attractive!
I believe they are true. I believe in ruling planets.
If I download songs by In Flames, will the RIAA be able to sue me?
I want to listen to music that I like but I am unaware of what to listen to.
I babysit, so I am unsure of the job market, but good luck in your search!
That woman is utterly rude and dishonest. She should be prosecuted for false advertising.
I have not heard of them, but the awards are quite funny.
Simply enjoy yourself and perhaps you will get lucky and end up winning.
I have seen that movie as well!
Lord of the Rings: Return of the King.
Say that you are pregnant but claim that it is from someone else.
Absolutely, Chris and Kelli all of the way!
Yes, I also heard that they broke up.
Yes he and his music are both very sexy.
I would say "The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face."
Who sings the song "I Don't Like the Looks of It"?
I personally do not believe in them.
Your mother is so stupid that she called Dan Quayle for a spell check.
I can do all the things that they do and I am not a scary little girl!
What do yu mean by that?
There was a rumor going around that he said that he really liked her.
A genetic super cool monster full of charm and humor and good looks smoking!
at what maximum speed a couple make love?
I was reading an answer of yours and I am impressed, you are cool.
also he looks creepy as hell?
She is just a useless slob making money over other people's troubles.
That would depend on the type of gum, or the chewing.
Of course, I know that was feeble.
I am probably the only person in this country who thinks Dave Chappelle is not funny.
The doctor was startled and wanted to know what I have been doing.
Of course, one of you would need to be the singer.
Please tell me where you come from.
It would be Oprah, of course, because she gives the best advice and has done so for a long time.
But all the same, I have liked them since I was a child.
I like how real Maya keeps things.
Selll the baby to the movies.
I believe it should not have a name, however, if I had to pick on, I would pick Jet.
Have you listened to the final song on the album Having a Roni?
Your mother is so unattractive she scared buzzards off of a meat wagon.
I want to make Fullmetal Alchemist Videos.
Beyonce cannot sing, dance, or act.  As for Rihanna, who is that?
Just a senseless, funny question.
Jerry must have picked up some skills after seeing all of those fights up close.
And people wonder why he is not married.
There is this song and I have no clue what it is.
I assume that most girls actually think "Wow, Carmen Electra looks good" and then move on.
Paris Hilton, however Jessica is right beneath her.
The musical genres I enjoy are: oldies, classic rap, rap, pop, and anything besides hard rock.
I am asking simply because some have it while others do not, although it seems somewhat preposterous.
I think they are a good pairing and I wish them all the best.
No, I don't think in Spanish. They're rap music have ridiculous content.
I'm famous for my hangar invention.
What's your question?
I think the title might be, Take That First Step?
Mix in some commonly know songs as well.
That is appealing to me but I'd like to have your reaction.
Although Saw II is a very gory movie, I liked it and also enjoyed Mean Girls and, because I have children, Shark Tale.
Anything is possible; all you have to do is use your imagination.
Even if you very much dislike that kind of music, you love Green Day.
My favorite actress is Julia Roberts; favorite actor is Jonny Depp.
If it comes to wits, then, George Clooney wins.
I do not like the Rock, but I really dislike George Clooney.
I duck behind the sofa as I say, "I don't really live here".
I met a girl who's name was Cherry Fudge.
Red Hot Chili Peppers are on fire currently.
It's very fun to read I've heard.
I enjoy original Nintendo, especially Super Mario Brothers.
There is nothing to drink.
He is just old, he did not die.
How is it that your friends do not know that show.
I am Elvis, have you heard of me?
I heard the Bjork and Chaney joke.
I do not like Nicole Kidman very much.  I also do not care if she came from here.
You mother is so doltish, she makes Beavis and Butt-Head look like Nobel Prize winners.
Can anyone tell me the title of the "Kill Bill" song that includes bang, bang?
"I am Sam" and "Hollywood, Bollywood".
Your mother is unintelligent to the point that if brains were dynamite, she would not have enough to blow her nose.
I enjoy listening to the Goo Goo Dolls and Relient K.
I hope you enjoy this one.
"Limewire" is a great site to download the latest music.
Taxes, inflation, gas, and my ego!
The key is that you fell asleep!
Although the three are one big movie.
I imagine you could find it at Blockbuster or any video store that sells children's videos.
You need to fall out, all the way!
I am not familiar with any of them.
She wanted to have children and she got married and I don't think she will regret the decision.
One bottle of Captain Morgan should be sufficient; I am heading up north and could meet you at the library.
You must be creative and find something to challange us.
That is very embarassing.
I love the rock bands U2, Bon Jovi, Coldplay, and Three Doors Down.
What is wrong with this girl?
I dislike it, and I can not take it any longer.
Shuichi likes to read manga books everyday.
Don't refer to them as a Christian band.
It's very easy to learn.
My personal favorite is "The Pleasure of my Company" by Steve Martin.
I like gentlemen, and I give thanks every day for the one I have.
I am kidding because I choose MC Hammer from when he had money and fame.
People are unintelligent, but did you see the movie Donnie Darko?
I am passionate about the guitar and drums!
Any move that Natalie Portman chooses is usually good because she has picked some great roles thus far.
The worst I've received was broken items.
Actually, I don't like them at all.
They're the greatest metal band ever.
I also own the Vanilla Ice CD.
As you know, they always find the most ridiculous things humorous.
If so, who are you, and why are you famous?
I enjoy her powers such as freezing and causing explosions.
I actually made this joke up.  I cannot tell if anyone thinks it is funny or not.
I think that both movies are bad.  If I am forced to choose one, it would be, "The Italian Job".
That is funny.  Girls need to be a part of everything.
Watching the calf suckle the mother.
You can get the movie on DVD if you want to see Shawn.
I do not think so.
It used to be something I enjoyed, but now I am repulsed by it.
That alone made the movie quite impressive.
Why then, are you wasting this question?
It is my favorite television program, second only to "The Simpson."
If they were indeed together, it did not last long.
The name of the film is "Under the Tuscan Sun" starring Diane Lane.
I am in my own little world where everyone likes me.
Why do some men think it is funny when they fart?
I hope you got the answer that you were looking for.
You know you do not miss a person when you see them and your eyes do not light up.
I have never tried it.
I hope they do not get married because he does not deserve her.
Was I supposed to pick one?
Let us get together yeah!
I loved her in the 80s though!
do they erase it all the time?
My favorite english song is a kiss from a rose by seal.
I fancy both of them but I still want to know what all of your opinions are.
I think I have a grasp of what is going on.
Anime is like manga in animation form.
My mother's zodiac is Taurus whereas my father's is Scorpio and despite this they are still very happy together, therefore my answer is 'Yes.'
I can try emailing this it to you and if that does not work you can always try the application "Limewire."
If they do not like him, that is fine.
He only wishes that he was able to have sex with you.
Probably AC/DC or Guns -N- Roses.
I have been wanting to try it again, because it sounded pretty good, in my opinion.
The song is, "Dirty Little Secret," by The American Rejects.
He did not want to be a bigamist.
The roommate rolled her eye and said, "Hello."
It is funny but very foolish.
She has great songs like, "Check Up On It," with Slim Thug.
What are we supposed to do?
I am looking for the movie, "Aladdin".
If they only ask for cash and will not use PayPal, then you could be defraud you.
I believe he was in his forties. I also know that he retired.
They may not be able to see anything to begin with.
I am happy that this question was finally asked.
Incorrect, I am a Scorpio.
I had no idea that there was going to be a sequel to Incredibles.
Eminem is a very attractive person.
He is often dirty and always seems to need a shave.
Record your best April Fools pranks here.
Drama Queen, I can not understand it myself.
I need to know the name of a particular movie from the 1980s.
I also used to be a fan.
Nothing short of a diamond ring will do.
I am not certain, however these two points put me at 1,001.
I remember the day that you would have said that someone had a large bottom, not a "booty".
I definitely do not want a "thug".
You should view it on Yahoo! Movies.
Do you have any recommendations on how to proceed?
The Shield, The Sopranos, Twin Peaks, The Simpsons, Smallville, and Nip/Tuck.
Hilariously, I actually purchased one.
I thought it was funny at first, but then it got old and stupid.
Read the numbers upside down and then right side up.
I have alot of people who say I am too.
What is the bosses whole name?
The Parent Trap is one of my favorite movies.
You're mother was able to get Bigfoot to take a picture of her.
It's either a coffin, or a headstone.
A genius can get people to buy into his idea, most people can't.
I simply do not comprehend Emo or Screamo.
Dead on arrival. Their relationship is classified as dead on arrival.
I have no genuine knowledge regarding children, however.
No knowledge whatsoever, I've attempted viewing, and I am simply unable.
The Click Five is my favorite because their songs are out of this World.
What is your favorite scene in "The Gilmore Girls".
I was wondering, how did that man stay in one place during the entire film?
It is because life never works out perfectly.
Hard to say, however, I am thinking either Keven, Bucky, or Melissa. Melissa got the lyrics incorrect.
Negative, not humorous, but was created to be despised and recalled!
It's annoying me. I would like to listen to it.
Additionally, as is to be expected, miraculous events may occur!
If it's either country music or classic rock, be certain people are familiar with the selections or they'll consider you unusual.
See if that's not 'hard' enough.
I don't know about downloading videos on itunes.com or limeware.com
I agree with American Idol!
We are just not well understood.
I find it irresistible!
Yes, that is one of my favorite shows.
I love Green Day's songs, especially Boulevard of Broken Dreams.
I have to say I did not know that the Gameboy Micro had a rechargeable battery.
My choice would be Will Farrell.
Goodness, I am going to take a closer look at my Disney pictures.
He is in "She's the Man".
You can try because it is free. It will at least get you started.
Why do you not throw a new life themed party?
Oh, then no, I am not gay, either.
But, I cannot find anything on that.
He said, "If you're gonna play the game, boy, you gotta learn to play it right."
I am actually watching it right now.
Chuck Norris was in a horror film back in the 1970s or 1980s.
Vanilla Ice, like you - and, all right, I admit I have New Kids on the Block.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers.
I agree with everyone else.
The most attractive men in the world are Brad Pitt, Pippin, and Johnny Depp.
I believe that Rap is better.
I am a handsome, dashing, cool man who does not want you.
I would say a flute because I can play that.
It is fine, not good or bad but fine.
I want him and I will name him "Money".
I say a bad boy also because they are so playful and have what it takes.
So you will need to buy two packs of buns instead of one.
In fact, I still enjoy both bands.
She additionally completed a layout in King Magazine just recently!
Tyra Banks, I idolize her. In my opinion, she's attractive, however there is a rumor circulating of her pregnancy.
I would travel to that location and physically assault you at this very moment, however, I am unable to swim.
Hm, wow, that one is difficult!
It plays this way: wayoh, wayoh, wayoh, wah.
If so, what is your opinion of it?
I deeply enjoy "Boulevard of Broken Dreams".
I do not find it strange at all.
She confronted armed guards at a Turkish palace.
He fired his sister because he has loose lips.
Abbie Mitchell played Clara in the first Broadway production, and there have been five revivals; you can see the rest here.
You are going to Saint Ives.
He is a control freak.
Journey is completely awesome.
I feel great whenever I think of her.
I cannot answer it.
Today, it seems people would rather listen to songs with weird names.
James, I do not like rap music.
I need some good rhymes about anything.
I would have to say Riker and Troi.
They are not but thank you for your two points.
It is not Hermionie or Tonks but it is Snape.
I watched it until season four and then I lost interest in it.
Check this website out.
"4Ever" by The Veronicas. "Here we are - so what you gonna do?"
I used to be a fan as well.
She sounds like my kind of girl.
Are Bruce Willis and Mickey Rourke the same person?
There is one called "Doc Watson."
Please let me know when you find out.
I do not understand why people like films of that sort.
It should be free to download and have easy to understand features.
It also is considered a form of Japanese comic book.
I was informed that there is going to be a sequel.
I have always enjoyed his work, he is an excellent actor.
In the end, he did follow through.
Try being nice and talking to her, but do not be concerend about your signs as they are not always correct.
I am adding a few new favorites to my collection, so, why not try Stained's new songs, "Right Here Waiting?"
I favor the man as he is humorous and grounded.
Your mother is rather unintelligent, that under "Education" on her job application, she writes "Hooked on Phonics."
I am confused, are you perusing for a few or simply one?
I would like to be her and have a great deal of money.
My sister is obsessed with him.
I am workign pretty fast, maybe in 5-7 minuites.
He is rich and can look like that is he wants to.
Do not try to impress her. If she likes you, she will come to you.
You can not make fun of people in rock music. But in rap, you need rhythm and rhyme.
A category should exist for most superior queries.
No, I have not seen it yet. I am waiting for it to be released on DVD.
I found it phenomenal, even though it made me cry for quite a bit.
I like the song "Don't You Cry Tonight" by Guns 'n' Roses.
I think it is difficult to choose only one.
I just get high listening to them!
Your mother is so stupid that she thought Boyz 2 Men was a daycare center.
Bambi is my favorite movie of all time!
Then, of course Simon always disagrees, he is pretty good about his judgments, he is harsh though.
Yes but they are unknown artists.
I am unsure, as I am currently under the weather.
They ended their association at some unspecified time in the past.
I enjoy watching my companion attempt to role-play with them.
It was positive how you retrieved him.
I was unwilling to admit the possibility that he might jump once again.
He is weird and I am amazed that he was able to get 33 answers in 50 minutes.
If I were looking, that is exactly what I would be looking for.
Now, I watch the reruns.
Paula is loving on everyone this week, is she on something?
She was willing to make a complete fool of herself for two entire seasons of "Newlyweds."
The song is somewhat new, but sounds very "old-school."
Panic! At the Disco, "I Write Sins Not Tragedies."
"Video Killed the Radio Star" by the Buggles.
What differentiates a mosquitoo from a blonde?
To the contary, I do not agree.
I am of the opinion they are over-paid and definitely over-rated.
This is clearly an excellent motion picture.
However, I believe four peopld would be preferrable.
Don't worry, You will be back in tune with it in a few weeks.
I was like that before I had my operation.
A blonde is driving down the highway.
Eminem's a fake. I pick Get Rich or Die Tryin'.
You should put parental controls on or use web site ratings.
Plus, you can tell she cared about her crew.
I love the song so much.
Searching the internet or looking for bugs!
My favorite bands are The Used and Panic.
Chicken, because God can not lay eggs.
To those of you who want to know if the questioner is gay, what does it matter?
It depends on who made the mistake.
If I had to choose, I would pick Mario or Vin Diesel.
Q: What did the left nut say to the right nut?
It is not "a little racist" - it is very racist.
The chorus sounds something like that.
It is probably more than that.
Have you ever wondered why men think a lot and women talk a lot?
Your mother is so brainless, that after you were born she kept you.
The chicken, because it has two hatched eggs.
"Happy Days" was the greatest show.
Her name is not Beyonce or Madonna. She needs to stop pretending.
I ask people who give answers for this question. Where are your jocks?
Tell him you hate him and are finding someone else.
"A lady in the street but a freak in the bed."
I have still not forgiven her for that.
It is a great source; you should download it.
The word you are seeking is "strengths."
When I first became interested in music, I loved rap.
I never told my parents before; recently I mentioned it, and they did not comment, nor did they care.
You are going to anyway; why even ask?
I used to play the flute, but once I began playing saxophone, I was obsessed.
If you like "Family Guy," you should love "American Dad."
They write their own songs and actually play their own music.
We will have an enjoyable time.
Yes, a PlayStation Portable, but I would not purchase one for a child under the age of thirteen.
If you want to live, talk, and dream about it, then I suggest moving to Japan or China.
I very much enjoy it. I will keep this unpleasant secret to myself.
I believe that it is the blonde from American Idol.
No offence, but if you are able to answer that, then it is the same for the egg.
The song was called "Epic"; I can not remember the artist, but it is a great song!
Mar, I thought I would let you know that that commercial is for Dairy Queen.
What if it is a rebound relationship for both of you?
Good luck in your search for your perfect match.
Why does everyone seem to want someone that they cannot have and know that they should not want?
Do you like to argue and fight?
If you are set on that, that is the way to go.
I went out with my ex for three years and then he/she cheated.
Work at it and do not let him keep you locked up at home.
Other than two questions, ask him just once in awhile.
Also, men get bored and tired a long time before women do.
She is strong, loving, and wasn't as happy as she thought she was.
It is another way to say that they don't like you.
King has a song about this, it is called "Only Your Mother Loves You."
He loves you as well, but only time can tell what will happen.
He wants me to change my appearance.
I relish the fact that I have someone to come home to.
Sex can feel great; but, you have to be careful.
Do you want all your friends to be with you forever?
It does not mean that you are a loose woman.
You could try dancing at a club.
Do not go any place you went with him or her.
There is plenty to do and they are a lot of fun.
It all depends on when you are ready.
Stay 100 miles away for this man.
You have to be prepared that if it happened one time, it can happen again.
I am looking for the girl who want to spend time with me.
At least not until he gets another woman friend.
The wife says, "We do not wear that."
If you are asking, then you should break up with him/her and then open yourself up to other options.
Why do homosexuals want to get married?
Do not apologize if you have not made a mistake.
do you have to rush the choice?
Both of them do not respect your feelings.
No seriously, think about how many arrogant women are out there.
She is too shy to ask him out.
Get a brain, how can you love someone that you do not even communicate with.
I would ask you out, but I live in Oregon and have no idea where you live.
They have never performed before, and it doubles the pleasure.
I will probably go and see one of them.
In any case, I wish you best of luck although I am glad that I have brown hair.
Send me an e-mail at honorarius@yahoo.com, and I will let you know.
It is absolutely a great challenge.
I am a girl so I am will to help you out.
Do not inform them but allow them to discover it once you are in bed with her.
If I would have kept my last name. It is merely a name.
I rarely see him in school either, I typically see him at my brother's basketball games.
He is stating that to some women as well. He is a Lothario.
Leave him, there are plenty of men out there.
I know this because I have a similar personality to your wife.
When she calls, text her back instead.
No, I am 5ft 4inches and he is 6ft and 2inches.
Don't you know the cardinal rule is to never trust anyone?
We have tried to break-up a couple of times, but it does not happen.
Also some who are thin and skinny because these days anorexic girls are attractive.
You would use your erect penis to penetrate her vagina.
In that case, you should take some defense classes.
I just ended a three-year relationship with the father of my baby.
What happened when the politician ingested viagra?
Hello, my name is xxxx has been working for me for years.
I can only state that women are complicated.
We enjoy a gentle approach and a tiny bit of chasing.
You would actually be surprised at the kind of people that go to them.
It is invigorating, especially when you meet each other again after texting for several months.
I am in New York currently, I'd love to show you around if you'd like.
It sounds strange, but it worked in 3-5 days.
Don't worry, I don't have that many option myself.
Why does it matter what the think, if they don't even take the effort to get along or spend time together?
You have a good man, if he is.
You will know if he is attracted to you!
I suppose it is normal, but I would just move on.
From there, the rest is easy!
I am attracted to any man that is funny.
Only you can decide on this, woman.
Why do you ask this question?
Do not go telling everyone, just because you think that is the right thing to do.
A ten-year gap is just nice.
Then move on if he still does not like you.
I see him every week but I just cannot talk to him.
That is because they feel insecure with less educated men.
For one thing, there goes your job if it does not work out.
And I just pray that it never passes!
It is only the ones that are not worth your time.
Smaller, of course, and it is all about looks!
You guys do not have any reason to hate each other.
If you do not, you will always wonder.
Some people choose not to due to their religion, others do not.
Give it a chance, if you break up with them it will be harder to remain friends.
Best of luck!
Men who were not ready to commit.
This is a big day in both of your lives and it should not be done quickly and without thought.
I am fifty-five years old and still live at home with my mother, what is wrong with that?
One man willing to move twenty-one hours and fourteen hundred miles just to be with me.
I must not be unattractive enough.
That is alright, I am a giver.
It depends on what the woman wants.
Remember that it takes two, not one.
If he did not like her and likes you, then he would have already broken up with her for you.
Remain until the tavern closes, or visit a prison.
Please do not miss out on this one.
Because, believe it or not, women hate cocky men.
Stick with what's inside of you.
It happened to me twice.
Maybe you're young, I don't know.
No matter what he says, actions speak louder than words.
I like a big boned girl.
Do not sell yourself, even if he is rich.
I just moved to Sacramento. I am a homosexual male, age 30.
The people around you, including friends, should like you for who you are.
They like tiny women.
Wait until you are older, and if you have the same feelings then you should go for it!
I am not that type of person, however I know plenty of people like that.
If you have to ask, then that is a negative.
You want to be together with someone else?
They are woman enough for a man, but they aren't as sophisticated as us.
Does this mean that he likes me?
Do not worry about him. Concentrate in school so that you can learn, then worry about your boyfriend later.
I dated someone like that, so I know.
Observe the way that she walks.
No, or any event I hope it is not so.
I would like to visit your country.
Should I provide him with another chance at some point in time?
Do you want to be in a relationship with the same man?
I went and there he was.
That is what I called it, but why?
That way you can still go by your last name!
Both of you work hard to get it right!
I have told her that I liked her and she said she would not want to ruin the friendship.
You can join a community site with live chat and webcam chat.
Show her your naked baby pictures.
It is very important to last at least thirty to forty-five minutes!
But I am not telling you that you have to be celibate until then.
If he is flirting with her, then okay, jump him.
I enjoy curly hair. I like running my fingers through it.
I want my wife to grow as well.
I suppose that is merely the way it is.
One woman, Michelle, who most likely would not mind being named, said she did not believe in it.
I can simply stop caring about him and forget about him as though he meant nothing to me.
But he was rather busy after that.
I do not know what to do because she knows how much I care about him.
If you do eat something like that, then quit.
It could be that you need to urinate or a by-product of your last dream.
If he wants to wear my pants, he only has to ask.
If you were friends before and now have stronger feelings, then it should be alright.
Also, I would like to try again.
Decide which style of arrangements and flowers that you would like.
Lie, lie, lie and then lie some more.
Wait until you find that out for certain and then move on from there.
He should not care if you are at a dance together.
Trust him and do not bring it up again.
Most women are waiting for a man to tell her his true feelings.
I would like to meet women.
I frequently think about this issue.
I met a man one time in a huge rainstorm.  It was very romantic.
Some men like women like that and some do not.
It comes between three-play and five-play.
I feel senseless when I fall in love.
You are not in love if you have to ask.
If you begin to feel it happening, then start the foreplay again.
I do not understand. Someone please give me the answer.
I saved $500-600 by doing my own flowers and it was simple.
I recently got divorced and so did he.
But ask a woman about the symptoms, because I am a man.
Be genuine for the most part, but show some toughness, as that is what most women appreciate.
Obey your feelings, they are never wrong.
They bother you all day.
See if he calls, sends an e-mail, or even cares.
You can do a civilian arrest answer.
Usually, it is a spasm in your back.
By now, you might love your wife after everything you have endured together.
Good luck, and I hope everything goes well!
Tell them "I love you." It will tell you everything, if they wait to say it back.
Attempt to ask her out again and notice her response.
There is no way to make someone fall in love with you.
Ask her questions and do not monopolize the conversation.
When you first fall in love, you become giddy simply thinking about that person.
Remember, there is more than one.
I think they look better than many of the nations that exist.
We got married all over again.
All in all, I do not think it matters.
I am sure not driving five hours to hang out unless I truly like her.
How often can you have intercourse with Pam Anderson?
I told her that I loved her and I truly meant it.
Consider what good it brought about.
The think is, I am a person that does not like to break people's hearts.
Giver her a rose and express your love.
I prefer a think one over a thin one.
Remember, untill death do you part.
We will always find a life partner, that is why we usually attract someone with an opposite personality.
What are you talking about?
If you have to keep talking to him for another week, he may think that you two are married.
Women don't need that much, just to be acknowledged and helped occasionally.
It seemed like that to me anyway.
Do not be afraid to say no.
Let him go as there are always more fish in the sea.
It really does not matter, but I am fine with a handful.
Pick the one who loves you the most.
You released a thousand.
You can go to a bar and get intoxicated.
Just give it some time and thought.
You should not leave them. Teach them what to do to please you better.
You are speaking the truth.
Kiss when you are ready.
Julesac is funny and mean.
It seems that you have distanced yourself from her but are still friends.
Do not forget to choose, and vote for the best answer!
Do no try to figure it out, that is just the way it is.
I do not know. But I know of another website I visit.
Alright, it depends how much feeling you have for this man.
He must be controlling.
It all depends on how interested the woman is, in the man.
Try to get out and meet people.
Usually it is not just one thing, it is multiple.
If you really admire them.
This question is for the men.  (A) What size woman do you prefer?
It is not worth it, if all you do is argue.
What makes it worse, is that I dated him for four years.
The right woman will come along if you are patient.
If you do not love your husband any longer, than move on and make room for another man.
You can do more sexual things with your wife and it is not a sin.
She does not want you to like her solely for her good looks.
I want sex here and there.
Women are more passionate during sex.
If you play with both at the same time, she will probably have sexual intercourse with you.
Because he would not work, hit me, used guilt trips, and was a big mama's boy.
Maybe because you are the most beautiful girl they have seen.
It really depends on if someone is vain or not.
I want someone that I can be myself with.
Send me your picture and contact me.
Stay away from the guy-friend.
The doctor cannot even believe it.
Yes, especially when she vomited.
Do not sweat it.
I could give you some advice?
If your love is fading, do something about it.
I will not be with someone who lost my trust.
Only once have I told a girl that I loved her, and I meant it.
You married him for a reason.
You should rip off your shirt and do a Tarzan style yell.
Do not have sex.
It is acceptable in their culture.
Always go with a friend.
You did not give us good information. Do you all live in the same house?
Looks are not everything and you should move on.
The most important thing is to be yourself.
Yes, be disappointed and be angry.
I am sorry but I have never felt that way.
I sure would not like any woman who makes my life difficult.
Or if he gets the tickets, then you get the popcorn.
Practice, then ask how you are doing.
But, if you are sure then tell your parents first if you have not done so already.
I met mine in a carnival.
It sounds like a rhetorical question.
I believe everybody should keep their own name.
But your first kiss should feel like you are in heaven.
There is only trouble there.
I would like to know how to make a woman happy.  Can you give me some advice?
Do not do anything that can hurt you.
Of course you will make more money if you work hard.
Please do not go up to her and tell her how attractive she is.
I do not believe that is a good idea, you are not there for that purpose.
Walk up to her and say "Hello, are you single?".
I believe that he would make a great Valentine.
You should be prepared to let her go.
Instead of just sitting there and waiting until you are a good one.
Just talk to them, what are they going to do, slap you?
Get a massage, and leave it all, haha..
Well, if you really enjoy this boy, smile and speak politely with him.
Take both of them out at the same time.
It happened to me and I am now seeing that person.
There are only two ways to make acquaintances.
You might be finished searching for the class of men that think the world of you.
Preferably, someone who doesn't dislike you.
We attempted to move on, but it didn't occur.
When will people in this damaged world finally realize this?
I would not take the trouble to call him back.
Attempt not to spend time with him and search for another man.
Search for another attractive woman and she will be jealous.
Therefore, in my opinion, you are not promiscuous.
Colors have associations with feelings.
If she likes him over you, you should dump her. It is not his fault she is unfaithful.
If you do not contact me after 3 days, I might start to forget about you.
You will find a girl who has talents and is attractive.
There is no one you can trust more then a good friend.
Start the day with breakfast and a good walk.
If she says yes, pick her up.
Why do I hear some girls say that flowers are not going to last?
It might be interesting for them.
Could it ever be the same?
It is not that bad; at least it is not Bella.
Could it possibly be because some men are liars and big mouths?
Or you could just tell her and then have one of those fairy tale romances.
Finally, a culture that has it correct.
My twin will not talk nor listen to me.
Go ahead and get something that you cannot get rid of.
I am not thinking about him, but I am having dreams with him in them.
I think it would be passable for you to get a video/computer game.
You should go for it, and take the chance.
If he cannot, then take him to a place where they have music to slow dance to, or a dinner date.
I feel as if this is the most beautiful thing about family life.
It is your choice not to hate one. I dislike them, to say the least.
You should never get married without a prenuptual agreement.
You should pursue an active life and not waste my time.
Is she saying the thinks you are too good for her?
Relationships with men end, but friends are forever.
It could mean any number of things.
It is normal, because there are a lot of people who still like someone that they broke up with.
I would like to see what an African-American has to say about this.
Men are daft, who knows why they do what they do.
You do not have to wait at all, if they gave you their phone number.
Because we were, Masters of the Universe.
I am in love and I do not care who it, Buddy the Elf.
Do not try to have both of the at once, no matter what.
If you truly wanted to be with him, you would not have to ask.
Remember, being friends with someone online is okay, however, there are limits.
When my sister kisses someone, she closes her eyes to get prepared.
Now me, I wouldn't marry any woman who didn't want to change her name, but that is just me.
Small party for the family.
Girls are perverts, they just hide it and act like it around other girls secretly.
I'm only in fifth grade.
But you do what you want.
Do not do that, it will not work.
It is time to move on if they do not.
He has everything that I could ever want, handsome, financially secure, etc.
It is bad luck to see the bride before the wedding.
No, she isn't lying.
Be quiet, and live the truest version of yourself.
He has his nose pierced.
I can't lift him, and he is only 185 pounds.
You should have a therapist for that.
Perhaps some vulgar young men enjoy the younger asian ladies.
You should make an appointment with a therapist!
Giving you ridiculous excuses, off of the wall! Acting differently than he did before!
Be tough and hang in there.
Absolutely not, he is too hefty and I am undesirably frail.
Basically, it is very unattractive if she is so inebriated that she becomes a promiscuous ragamuffin.
Keep in touch by exchanging letters and emails, enjoy online chats and phone calls, and even sending each other packages.
You do not have to especially if you do not feel like it.
He dribbles, shoots, and scores two points.
Giving it up just for him to stay with you is like selling your soul to the devil.
I cannot give you a wife view, but hopefully mine is just as good.
It also takes the pressure off of me to ask someone.
It depends on the woman, but it is better shaved.
Please ask the question in English; I am unable to understand you.
Hello, I am a male, but I will tell you a little bit.
I do like him a lot and I want to win him over, not push him away.
I like this man; however, I am uncertain whether he also likes me.
Your avatar looks familiar to me.
I just cannot seem to move on even after six months.
Perhaps he is concerned about rejection, and you should act as I would, which is to ask.
You must think about that, which should help you decide whether you can trust him.
A picture of the shape of a heart with you and her when you both first dated, that is special.
I am in college and he is my only source of income until I graduate.
Listen, it is not easy because I got with my ex-boyfriend in 2nd grade, 4th grade, and 8th grade.
I have been with this girl for 8 months and we have not kissed, is that bad?
Some guys do not like breasts at all.
Or that she just desires to go out with other people?
And he has seen me every day for approximately four or five years!
There was his stop so he left the train.
You should take a chance because the worst outcome is that she says no.
I know, however, what I want in a relationship.
Consider flirting and sending flowers and candies to yourself, and he may then ask you out.
Also, i dislike it when my father is unhappy.
I feel bad because I know that I do snore sometimes. Don't most people?
I like Scott and need to know if I am in love.
If the two of you truly love each other, then you can work out all of your disagreements.
Because neither one of you have the guts to call it quits yet.
However, that certainly does not mean that big girls can't be cute.
He is getting married this month.
Those men are dolts and you do not want them anyway.
Just ask, "Will you go out with me?"
Get married only after you have been with a man for more than two years.
A man has a penis, and a woman has a clitoris.
You need to seperate the bad thing and move on.
If I were mad, it would be easier to do.
If she tells the admininstration, I will be expelled because it is Pakistan, and not America.
You should get to know her, and one of you will ask the other out.
Like I said, he already knows that you like him, so just take a deep breath, and ask him.
Maybe you and I can gt together sometime.  Perhaps even find love in one another.
I would be, but I am married.
Play the field a little bit.
As everyone said, don't get married so early.
I just want to know, have you been to the doctor yet?
Pay attention to what the other person says.
Simply communicate with your spouse about this.
If you are interested in sixth graders, you are obviously young.
I was considering a medium pink color, but paired with what?
Ask them if they would like to go somewhere with you.
I would like a trip to an amusement park, or a museum.
Do goys prefer bigger women?
I like him.
It can work out, just not all the time.
Should I break up with him because of his mother?
I accidentally did this before and my friend was mad that I deleted him!
I do not think I mind either way.
But that is her way. You could try it that way or you could just keep your eyes open.
There are some that do but you should be able to tell.
Are you referring to your avatar?
I do not recall ever giving a girl a Christmas gift unless I cared for her.
I do not know what to do.
Attempt to be authentic and do not act ostentatiously.
Simply proceed one step at a time. Consider how he lost a something positive.
If only every man would watch "What Women Want" the would be a much happier place!
Compliments, honesty, and focus on her.
I think he will crush him!
It means she is interested in him.
Please try. I think you will be slapped mid-reach, or kicked in the groin.
She and I are both divorced.
Does she want to see a picture of you right away?
It is better then giving her a fake number.
She need to move to Massachusetts.
If you feel so strongly about it, perhaps you should not get married.
From the photographs I have seen, I would say Maui or the Bahamas.
The man I like is angry with me.
You are 13, do not concern yourself with it.
Do not worry about calling him too much.
I am a guy and we like to chase women.
Thank you in advance.
We always seems to push away the ones that we love.
They think that they can control other people's lives.
That is odd, but perhaps, I will talk to my friend by his locker.
I am not sure, how would you like to have an article forced into your derriere.
If a man cares about you, then he will call.
What is a special gift that I may give my future brother in law on his birthday?
It is probable he does not want to either.
Hold on to her hands, gaze in her eyes and say it, however, only say this is you really love her.
Some men do, others do not.
I would really like to know, if you could please help me.
The timing with the older man was not right, you will see.
Generally kind and I will be disappointed if she is stupid.
It is one of the gifts that we are always able to give ourselves.
I do not believe trust has to be earned, because how is that even possible?
So, if that is you, you sincerely need to stop as that is most unorthodox.
Do not allow her to dominate your life for she will simply have to learn to deal with it.
I have Yahoo email, and that works for me.
I would suggest not worrying about it overmuch.
Yes, the promiscuous women never had a chance.
When you can pass gas in front of the one with whom you are in a relationship.
It depends on their age.
Any man that says that he would, is probably not being entirely honest with himself.
If you philander him, then the challnge is not there.
If you need you ex emotionally, then you are going to have some troubles.
She does not have to be younger than you, 20-32 will do.
Try to use your brain and not your manhood, maybe she does not love you.
Do not let your girlfriend know that you want her forever.
There are plenty of cheap ides out there; you just need to find what you like and work at it.
If you are skeptical about the performance piece of it, then do not do it.
Try another woman and if it fails, then move back.
Most often that will be guys around your age.
If you act like that all the time she might think you are desperate.
Not everyone on here is in school.
Tell him what you really want; that is what they tell me even though they never got to do that, so speak up.
Should I make the first move or should I wait for him to make the first move?
What a typical double standard you have.
After a while you don't even see the color.
I haven't tried it yet but I am still trying to get up the nerve.
If you two are serious, asking her that question shouldn't bother her.
Ask her out, what's up with that?
Would you like to go out with me sometime?
Yes, look me up if you are ever in Florida.
I tell you, those were good times.
It is all about her. No, it should not be something that happens on a first date.
Do you honestly want to spend the rest of your life with someone you argue with all the time?
If he comes to his senses, then great, if not, break up with him.
You are too good for them.
Have sex with him because she likes him?
It depends on the age, but CDs or DVDs.
Twenty years down the road, that is all you can be. So, start from the beginning.
I would like to visit the United States of America.  What things would I need.
Anyone who has any ideas, tips, or general information, please email me back.
You sound like a very lovely person, do not let these women drag you down.
You do not look, just go out, enjoys yourself, have fun, and a special woman will come along.
Do not pursue it, he is getting married.
Clear liquid turns yellow when it has dried.
If there is a short messaging system in your country, then find someone great at texting.
When she starts to close her eyes, kiss her on the lips.  The rest is up to you!
Please be honest with me.  I can handle the truth.
Have fun, but remember not to get so comfortable that what happens next is predictable.
It shows you how much they care about you.
Tell her that you love her and miss her.
Some enjoyable things to do include having coffee, lunch, site seeing, playing in the park, going to a movie matinee or museum or just walking, talking and playing.
What you want is a prostitute and you can find that in any corner of the world.
Now we do so many things together and I do not know what to do.
If it fails, then you will be up a creek without a paddle.
At least for me, it has been the best thing.
If they apply, then try using some of these.
The worse thing he could have done, and did, was recently cheat on me.
If you are happy, then she should be happy.  Unless, he really is being bad to you.
We like it when men think about us, and perform tasks for us.
Maybe he will call you back eventually, if you give him space.
Tell him that you do not want a real relationship.
If you look creepy when you stare, the will think that you are leering.
I do not know about love but he certainly cares for you.
If a man truly respects you then he will understand.
Consult yourself and come to a decision. If you can afford it then do it if you are inclined.
Because he is the superhero that most resembles an average man.
Sometimes the difficulties are worth it if there are more positives than negatives.
It is not wise to date work colleagues.
You should take a theory class.
Let it take its course.
You are asking what their stance is about gay relationships?
I asked him if he was blowing me off.
Guys will think you are attractive no matter what.
I do not think that not having sex with him will make him unfaithful toward you.
The safest rules of internet dating is to chat via email and the phone.
Marriage is really about trust and communication.
Ok, I have had this problem too.
What did you kiss?
Could you trust him before?
Do not make her hate you just to get your point across.
Where have you been meeting these Filipinas?
Was it concidered love?
That way, you are not telling them what you specifically do not like about them.
If he is, then go ahead.
Then, see if she is open for dinner and a movie.
Hello, I apologize, I do not know.  I wish the best of luck to the both of you.
However, every now and then, I find him looking at me.
This is sin, we started this.
Fun includes eating meals, and I do not mean breakfast.
Make a nice gesture, if there is no response, you will know what to do!
Let him approach you first. If you approach it will make you look obsessive of him.
I prefer you not marry.
I lived him very much, and he loved me too. That is my love story.
You apprear desperate and you wil never find someone if you are desperate.
He says we are just friends.
Looks do not matter unless you are trying to prove something.
I know that once you have sex with him, he is no longer a good friend.
The fact that a guy is self centered is a huge red flag to me.
Do not rush it and feel all your emotions come alive.
It is a two-way street until you get in a relationship with them, and then you know which way it will be.
You have one child.  Are you married?
How can I stop being overtly fastidious about people?
Perhaps some women would say that it hurts a lot.
That man is the right choice.  I am going to ask him to go out with me.
So it was a excellent idea.
If she gets intoxicated then it is not a turn off.
Because some women send men tiny messages without saying it clearly.
I would prefer if they left me alone, and I apologize that I got off-topic.
Ask her to go do something that she is interested in, or see a movie that she would like.
You are a man, and I use that term lightly.
Ha, ha. Too bad it is not automatic, like MSN or AOL.
That is how they will respond, so yes. This is a bad situation for you and for him.
Go back to that person at once before it is too late!
I, too, want to smack the smile off of her face!
Ask him is he wants to dance with you.
She may think that looks unattractive.  In my opinion, blue looks better.
Ask him if you should go see a doctor.
I did not go out with him for a second date.
Firstly, why was the relationship not terminated?
Delay for what reason? Proceed to accomplish your intent.
In the event he has no objection, what other person has a relevant viewpoint?
I believe I persist in feeling all-consuming romantic love for him.
I wished to never again have sexual activity.
It is critical that you do not seek revenge agains the one who wronged youl
I do not think you are ready if you have to ask other people.
I say those things and I am female.
You can save money with respect to flowers.
You will know in time, and I recommend seeing what happens for six months.
Either that, or you are the only one he has a chance of having sex with.
Well, from your list, I would have to choose "Spiderman".
I was cheated on for three of those years.
All seniors believe freshman girls are loose. It is sad, but true.
If he says yes, then you can tell him.
Impress her with affection and love.
If you have, what was it like?
Celebrate Valentine's Day with happiness, gift-giving, and fun.
Any woman looks attractive when standing beside an unattractive man.
When I move in i was asked out by my neighbor.
You probably should act because he appears to be shy.
It becomes more difficult as time passes.
If you act yourself and ask about what is happening, you might get a response.
There are several times that you love the man, but are not sure he also loved you.
If you are talking husband or the like, I would say tools, toys for his automobile and items related to sports.
That made me really angry, but I left.
Me, I'll pick up the bill, if I can have your vote for the best answer.
Okay. So what size of the breast does the general man enjoy, do you believe?
A lot of women date older men, so men feel insecure and date younger women.
Did you go on a date?
You should tell your parents. You can not hide.
I want you to be mine.
I know someone who had that happen, and she still dated the guy.
My friend has a boyfriend who she talks to online and over the phone.
Do you like false nails or manicured nails?
Tell her. Women like to hear the truth. Good luck.
We can wrestle together and be best friends.
Remain faithful to your husband. After all, you married him.
Don't listen to any of these other people's answers.
I am a man, so I don't have to pay.
Remember, no bird has ever tried to fly with one wing.
Just be honest about your feelings towards her.
It depends. If you really love him you will probably want to draw it out.
If you or the other person is married, run!
No, men do not, but little boys do.
Please help me win this debate against her!
My girlfriend is strange, but I love her anyways.
It is quite simple, just do what everyone else is doing.
It is time to forget about him, if you two are meant to be he will return to you.
After three days of that activity, I began to have problems with my back.
Stay alive and get your old life back.
That's why I ask, why don't guys ever know what they want with any kind of relationship?
You might ask him out to lunch or a movie or something.
Girls don't like guys who are all about themselves.
It depends, do you like either one?
I keep going on dates with men who turn out to be rude.
It is a choice, and you should do what is comfortable to you.
Some people do not have it in them.
Do what makes you happy.
I can not go.
Therefore it must be love.
As you know, you should search for love but carefully.
Do not ask her to perform an act for you; make her the one being noticed and adored.
Women are impressed if you show care, respect, and honesty towards them.
Tell the rude man to leave.
They think that way is the only right way.
Good luck and stay calm.
If you want to stay married, you need to find yourself.
I do not care for him.
Men with these characteristics typically become wife beaters if you disobey them.
First of all, I have four kids, so being a homemaker is more work than my regular job.
No, I have not. I prefer normal looking guys.
It definitely looks like he has feelings for you. Do you show him how you feel? You should!
Everything seems so open and hit and run these days with most people.
I have a problem in that I unload all of my junk up front. Perhaps I told this guy too much.
The right date can save money on plenty of things.
If you truly love your man and want to work it out, then tell your past partner to respect that.
That only makes her easier to have sexual intercourse with.
I do not think you should try it.
Simple honesty, love, and trying to be true to them.
IT is more like 65% or 70% and not 90%.
I like the feeling of cuddling with a large woman.
Why should men grow up if women expect men to act like that?
You can get him drunk.
Is is not a problem if you ask her while at work or not.
Stick with the thirteen and fourteen year old boys, they are more simple to control anyway, good luck.
You never let a man treat you the wrong way.
Also, I am not a stay at home, romantic dinner kind of lady.
When I left him, I swore I would never get married, again.
Pickup lines are unseemly. Be yourself and compliment her a lot because women enjoy that.
You will be fine. Have fun.
Not all of the time. Sometimes shave, it depends on the woman.
I love him but I think I am ready to move on and meet new guys.
Wait another four years.
I hope I can see some of it soon.
I do not want to be mean.
You should wait a while before having kids.
I would enjoy having some fun with you, that is why I answered this silly question.
You should try to contact their question and answer team and they will help you through it; Have a good day!
Because women do not have sex often.
If he insists, then it means that he only wants to have sex.
Looks definitely matter and anyone who says that they do not is likely lying.
Making love is like living a fantasy.
When you are 18-20, sometimes you say what you do not mean.
Try to make it yourself, when possible.
There is always an exception, correct?
She is not that into you anymore.
I seriously doubt that you are in love with that many men.
On average, I would say about 45% at first, but then once you get to know the person, perhaps 15%.
You should play sports with your male friends.
She will tell you if it is not alright.
I do not mean, do you believe women are beautiful?
How do I get him to stop bothering me and leave me be.
An intimate, adult toy, that way you can both enjoy it.
Men that do not have hair appear as little boys to me, and it is not attractive whatsoever.
I agree, just kiss him, he will respond either way.
A good way is to try and imagine yourself without him or her.
It is not so important here in America.
Well, if it was prior to his relationship with you, then obviously he was not being unfaithful at all.
Man, how many times have I passed up a great opportunity because I worried about someone saying "no" to me?
Because the white women are taking up all of the men!
Your self-image is also very important.
Have you ever had a PAP smear?
Good god how old are you?
But I think they both like me.
Ok, first thing is that it sounds as if you guys are already married.
Yes, Jaime is going to ask Rubi out, but it is not your business.
That is an indication. Things such as that can cause it to be readily apparent.
You should take the time to become acquainted with both equally without dating either of them.
I would be very pleased to hear logical opinions on this topic. Thank you.
If you care for the man then proceed.
Enjoying yourself with male friends is acceptable.
So it is natural with that guy.
Women take on too much, and sometimes they feel like they do it for nothing.
No, because I am not married yet.
Let me know what you think.
If you are a homosexual then be a homosexual.
Good luck and do not give up.
I like older women so I believe it is strange and wrong that they cannot go on a date with her.
I am merely curious about what everyone thinks.
I met my previous boyfriend by driving in a roundabout in another car.
You are going to loose your friend over a guy.
I did not think he would remember, it was casual when I said it.
Do you like the country or city?
You can be together all day, and touch his feet.
I do not like being single. I watch everyone else have fun.
Women are curious about sex with other women, even myself!
I do not know what you said. I was too lazy to read your response.
I hate it. I love the straight ones.
This is Doctor Izzy speaking.  I love and adore plus-size women!
No words will make the situation better.
You should take action before it is too late.
To tell the truth, you will learn, but you must experience things.
Navy Pier and the museums are great to visit.  There are also many great restaurants and hotels.
That is a sterotype, and I am not a country girl. I think I am attractive in my own way.
He will not turn you down.
I hope you read this well.
Many men prefer curvy women, most of them are African American.
If she is interetsted, she will call you later.
No, you will not because you know he has cheating tendencies.
Ask yourself that; if you know what I mean.
I find that if I try really hard I can see things I know are not there normally.
Let us get coffee and talk, and we will take it from there.
Just move on with your life and find someone else.
I will bet that you are not, but try to email me at ilikethickchix@yahoo.com and I will be honest.
This man and I have been on and off since last year.
I really care about you and I cannot stop thinking about you.
When you are ready, it is worth the wait.
If you do not know, then ask someone who would.
Push away your fear and tell him.
That is a chance you are going to have to take.
So drink up, if you want to be attractive to losers, creeps and perverts!
Good for nothing, but enjoying visually.
After awhile it passes and I still love him.
As you stated, it is your life.
Even in divorce I am stuck with it!
Just because he has potential to be a great boyfriend does not make him one.
Sure, tell me more about yourself.
One minute you want to throttle the other person and the next you want to jump on them.
I like girls who are pretty or have a great personality.
People whose parents take care of them can be very lazy.
I do not know what she wants.
That sounded very complicated.  Please tell it again, but in simple terms.
Demonstrate your skills to her.
If you can imagine him as the father of your children.
If you do not ask someone else then I may.
I am laughing because that is why I am single.
If you really do love him, then you would allow him to go.
If she does not want to be with you, then try to be her friend.
Well, if he says that he is not, you should believe him.
Let us get it out of the uncertain part.
I worked there for a time, and met the man of my dreams.
I have been with my husband for four year.  We just recently got married in December of 2005.
Focus on how things are and what would be best for you at this moment.
You will see that no matter how hurt you are, it is still the simplest reason as to why you smile.
I did not think that Pakistan was that conservative.
I have to stop right away because I am ready to relieve myself.
Do not tell him too soon.
We cannot answer if she means it.
I do not like men that does that all of the time.
You can make an easier decision, then.
I have had sex with many girls and some where not the best quality.
He dribbles, he shoots, and he scores two points.
Talk to your best friend and see if it is alright.
Is this a trick question?
I do not know. Can I do anything about it?
People become husbands and wives for real reasons.
If he does not, then move on, there are way too many fish in the sea.
Do you want to say that?
If you are not happy, you need to fix it or break up.
Not all guys enjoy that, but some guys do.
I agree with Udaman.
It sounds like you are selling yourself too much.
Your girlfriend will thing that you are a jerk.
Sometimes, but you must observe your boyfriend.
Replaying everything you ever did to me, correct?
But do not merely sit around waiting for the phone to ring.
I was in a relationship with a man earlier this year and he became violent.
Leave it alone. I do not care what she says. She is in enough pain.
How would anyone know if they do not know anything about you?
Just find one that loves you too.
It never hurts to flirt!
We were spending a small amount of time together.
Do not employ flirtatious dialogue; such behavior isn't appealing.
I adore those people since I'm male and I'm not required to invite a date to the affair.
Woman, more men exist in the world with a fondness for overweight women, contrary to your beliefs.
The females that complain about the short existence of flowers are simply unappreciative.
You need to be with that person; You have found your true love.
I mean you should truly be her friend.
How can I get my sweetheart to show me that he loves me?
The bottom line is that you have to stop talking to him and stop thinking of him.
They have never met in person but she says they are in love.
Do not do that over the phone or email.
I am not againt homosecuals, they are very good friends.
I met agirl recently, and I want to know if she likes me.
Death is like a box full of cnady corn.
You need to try and make the best of what is going to come.
You need to move on with your life, or try to make it work with this person.
She is the love of my life, and I can not wait to spend the rest of my life with her.
Since females experience thought via their brain activity.
I still have feelings for my ex and I'm furious with my cousin due to my ex now liking her.
The passage of time will reveal the truth. Socialize with buddies, enjoy yourself, put it out of your thoughts.
Therein lies the reason for my nearly non-existent chatroom attendance. I rarely go, save for a desire to be amused by the weirdos.
This is what I did, it was a big mistake on my part.
I have no idea where to begin!
He cheated, so I guess I can carry my husband.
If she calls just to ramble then tell her not to call so often!
That is all I have to say.
Do you think you should be asking this question?
Another option that I am considering is lime green.
I am referring to the two of you collectively.
I have a woman who is a close friend.
Are you wanting to be someone you are not?
Can you imagine yourself in bed with him at night?
I love that they like the challange.
It depends on the girl. Fair skin ladies look extra pale if they have black hair.
I should do that, the next time I am dating someone.
Do not listen to what anyone else try to tell you to do.
I really like this man.  I am not sure if it is love or just an infatuation.
In my opinion, the bomb is much easier.
They have been fairly favorable years, not always the easiest.
Do not forget to choose and vote for the best answer!
Tell her why you like her!
Did you turn gay or is it just a curiosity thing?
No, not if you have to ask.
It is a very long list.
He might enjoy the waiting, dreaming, and teasing.
To not get yourself into trouble.
If you would liek to talk, message me.
He likes to tease you abut pointless things.
Do you believe he has the same feelings towards you?
From personal experience, most of the time someone ends up cheating on their partner.
They are often much worse then men.
I've heard from a few friends, that they've gotten married six months after meeting someone.
I don't know what you mean.
If you want kids, then homemaker.
What is the worst that could happen?
Intellect, a chick with brain is just sexy.
His/her intelligence, the way they carry themselves, good looks and activeness.
Yes, will you pay for me as well?
Yes, I am proud of my long, black hair.
I was not going to let her win.
Chances are if you like her as a friend, you will like her if you are in a relationship.
When you are wither her, just be yourself.
Men think they are special and that only certain women are good enough for them.
Find someone you like and ask them to be your valentine.
Post more questions on Yahoo Anwers!
Well, why do you like the one boy who picks on you?
I would say Brokeback Mountain; you will be happy even if it is a man.
Size, shape, looks, and other surface features should not matter at all.
Intercourse is not the only important thing in life.
You are most likely too good for him.
Do you like him or not?
What's the reason for not simply requesting permission to exchange kisses with her?
Who's qualified to classify country women as possessing more sex appeal?
Well, I have no knowledge of your age, which would be of assistance.
Merely contemplate those things you enjoy and provide the same in return, somewhat akin to a massage performed with one's tongue.
My response is as follows: (A) The majority of men have no affinity for seriously emaciated women.
You must cut your cousin and ex boyfriend off completely.
Does his friends point at you when you are with him?
It is possible to enjoy giving pleasure instead of recieving it.
I keep thinking about being intimate with a girl.
It depends on if they are brunette or not.
Is she simply trying to use you?
You can have a big penis and still be bad in bed.
Get rid of the ex if you are dating a man you love right now.
It hurt extremely badly and I bled.
Cuddling, kissing, fondling, and petting one another before sex.
When he does, you should explain to him that you want to be with him and it was a mistake to break-up.
My boyfriend loves me a lot and does not want to give me up.
You are already doing it, so why bother?
It was impressive on the hood of my car, at a waterfront, in a light rain.
I believe that you are likely a nice man, and she likely loves you a lot.
You are searching too hard or possibly looking in the wrong places; Sign up for Yahoo Personals.
Only if you desire it.
Though if she does not have a reason then she is not your friend.
You need to find what is right for you and your partner(s).
You are definitely not a promiscuous woman, so do not worry.
Girls to not think it is cool. They think that men who smoke are pathetic because they are killing themselves.
So, do you like Asian food?
They do not mean to get them pregnant. However, they cannot keep it in their pants because they are pigs!
I like natural and real girls, not fake-looking, prissy drama queens.
Take on how the world runs, and their desires to catch up to the ever expanding world.
That is too many, and selfish, you are desperate to try another one though, correct?
It is as if you decided to eat chocolate, and then complain about appearing overweight.
He loves you; you are aware of that?
My wife is a forgiving woman.
You order online and then the store brings it to you.
Around three or four.
Imagine that I am that man and be my girlfriend.
Offer them the chance to discover you.
It is unusual, yes, but not bad.
I still love him. What should I do?
Do not remain with him solely for the child.
Never ignore her, always listen to her, and never change the subject.  Women really dislike that.
It can be good luck if that is the way that you want to look at it.
Egotism is a man's attribute, you just have to live with it.
It sounds like you are going through a lot right now.
Good luck but be sure to do your homework!
Do not come here because it seems like it is a trap to me.
Everywhere! Just ask any girl passing by in Thailand, but not in the United States.
This girl does not want a bad boy at all.
But I really need to be happy.
You are being dishonest by flirting with these pathetic desperately lonely men and you ought to be ashamed.
Additionally, men sometimes think that they do not need you much until you are gone.
The only words I have are "Good luck!"
You married your husband, I hope, because you love him.
I most enjoy expressing my feelings to women with poems. Has anyone written one for their significant other?
Why limit yourself to only one guy?
Have you both agreed on doing this?
What is going to stop me when I have already done it?
He has to start over and earn your trust again.
I met his father in his side of the family.
We fell in love with them, and they treat us terribly, why?
I am one of those people who want to wait until they're in love with someone.
Try to be nice first, women don't like being ignored.
You will hurt your loved ones if you continue to keep secrets.
Some women like hairy men, some men like fat women, some women like skinny guys and vice-versa.
Curves, especially if they have ample breasts and are soft. I cannot beat soft women.
Never tell her she is fat.
You are a mother, please act like one.
Others believe society dictates what others think, but I do not care.
I give them two months. They will get over you.
Do not know, but Daniel K has never read Manga.
That is good, it is similar to getting your father's blessing.
I prefer intelligent, pleasant, and captivating women.
I will be your significant other is you come to me town.
This generation is not too bright.
You will have to pay the price.
They are very much in love.
Every time I see an advertisement for Malaysia Air, I go crazy.
He asked me on a date in a very nice way.
Try talking to her and asking her to hang out as friends.  See if the relationship ends up going somewhere.
This is a very hard choice because there are many temptations.
Not what you could become just because she says so.
Both of you should speak privately and personally, you need to clear each other's side, do it now.
Well, the one I enjoyed goes something like this.
Do not attempt to experience sexual relations.
Just stay calm, a bit of hard to get may help!
If you relationship lasts a year, I would assume you should be ready.
In any event, I married my husband, and wonder if you know the reasons in addition to love.
You need to move on and enter a relationship with someone who does not hate you.
You cannot, so let us operate on an assumption.
Yes, we like flowers that are pretty and smell nice.
Should I date him or not?  It is a younger guy vs an older woman.
Those other replies are cocky.  I am a much better person.
Lime green would be best for a summer wedding.
But let them marry, if they cannot exercise self-control.
I have the most terrible time sleeping, because my boyfriend snores!
You may not think so, but yes!
We have no room for messed up individuals like this in our society.
The best and easiest way is to fly, or drive, to Las Vegas, and get married there.
His answer is good enough for me.
No single man can give you what you want.
Leave him if he does not start acting right.
If you are attractive you can show him your breasts.
A lot of men are like that and are just looking for sex.
(I make a lot of mistakes), but she does not forget.
Unless you are desperate, wait for him to ask you out.
Are you asking if I like you?
Make sure it is your decision.
Can you get someone to help her- her parents or friends?
How intoxicated what she?
Women love men who are self confident.
I am doing this for some points.
If you don't know each other well, then there is no way you would connect.
I would say that is was real, and is worth having a relationship. Good luck to you!
But if you are used to it and you enjoy it, then go along with it.
Because it is buy one, take one.
And lastly, does he always happen to be staring?
It sounds false, but I swear, women enjoy it.
You have the unintelligent ones out there that think skinny is better.
However, I always believed the fact there is a huge difference between having sex and making love.
You have to make yourself walk away.
In my case, I think around 80%.
I like it when they lean in, and give me a soft kiss on the forehead.
I can not see life without my husband.
It is prettier and smooth as silk.
Flowers are nice, even if the do not last long.
It is sounding like he is having too much fun while you are away.
Why do you not simply leave the girl alone?
Maybe you should try dating girls, if guys offend you so much.
I also do not have a single girlfriend.
Just remember: go for men who are themselves, and only  themselves!
They feel that they are better than women, but they are wrong.
That does not mean that you should let them in.
It is always in the back of your mind.
her friend to talk with her on the phone?
Getting married and having children can wait, our studies cannot.
You need to repeat this a few times.
The majority of males prefer females that enjoy sex.
Don't look back. Enjoy the acquaintances you currently have.
No greater good, nor bad is your own personal belief.
I'm unsure concerning what I should do.
Agreed, it is an unhealthy behavior.
Delay doing so until you reach age 25. Your appeal will not diminish in such time.
My eternally close friend despises my partner and hopes for the dissolution of our relationship, but it will not occur.
Be authentic and restful. Such behavior is that which we enjoy.
They should try taking our last names.
Once you have children, you will need to decide on a last name.
He wants to continue.
I pick the domestic goddess.
Ask her for another date after claess.
Life is too short, so live it to the fullest and have faith.
As a man, I feel the same way because of who I am.
Call him if you feel that level of attraction to him.
If you start with a basic question, you can go from there.
Did you tell more people?
My friend want to kiss their boyfriends.
You can ask if you are a good kisser.
I am at your service anytime, we will not regret it.
You need to put it in again and add it back, just like the first time.
You can share this with your mom or dad.
And do not fall for the "alcoholic only on weekends" line that the guy is giving you.
You sort of put yourself out there to get hurt, unless you know him fairly well.
Personally, I prefer A and B cups.
Be her friend first, then observe where it goes.
Do not even listen to what people, not merely males, state, but observe how they act.
Do you feel in that manner?
Alas, if a male inquires of you, do not be frightened to state negatively.
Obviously, she does not desire you if you know she is partial towards the other male.
There are lots of things that make a woman dislike sexual intercourse.
Not all men get bored and move on.
But there is no better person to marry someday than your best friend!
Depending on what you are looking for, the relationship may be friendship only.
I did this with my current beau.
It does not mean that you cannot love another.
In my opinion, you should divorce that man, he has no honor and he does not love you.
Basically, men just want a companion for unfettered copulation.
You will have to ask him for it again if nothing else works.
It is your personality and you need to keep it; Whether a boy goes out with you or not should not determine how you act.
You have to look within yourself for the answer.
If the man is worthy enough, you will not need to.
I am confused and do not know what to do because I hate for the girl to be that way.
Shop around for invitations and anything else.
He then asked me "Could I come with you?'.
Just go with your feelings. If you like her so much, then go for it.
So, I am only myself around men I am not attracted to, and you know the outcome.
I hope you find a nice girl.
Alright, I have been attracted to this girl since I was in the Ninth grade.
To all of my fellow woman at Cone: a big "Hi!" and a hug!
If she's fond of him, a motivation exists.
If attending the cinema is exceptional for you as a couple, take part in that activity.
It simply appears that you don the trousers.
Did you relay to her the annoying nature of her daily check-ins with you?
For that same reason that thin girls prefer boys who are slender and toned.
He handed his cellular phone to me and had me put my telephone number in it.
Go to Hawaii, or you could pay someone.
I do not understand why people think that it is wrong.
Keep searching for someone who believes in romance, she is out there.
You need to be shot if you plan to cheat on your wife.
Well, he already knows that you admire him.  Has he said anything about it?
Confront ask him, and that way you will know.
I would say, that it is more of a trust issue.
Continuously attempt to impress her.
Because you are punished, you get no television for a month.
It is better than the one on top of me.
It did not matter as we are just friends.
You need to go to school. you can still come home or call you friends and family.
The one that pick on you usually likes you.
My views changed when I met my true love.
Do you take baths? Do you know how to speak?
I like him and he says he would date me if I was single.
Discard him, it would be better.
It's the only time in your life, you're able to live out true love!
People had questioned me, why was I rushing?
Has he discarded women with similarity before?
I'm thirty six currently. I'm still in therapy regarding it.
Do not be one of those controlling mothers.
Have you ever thought of that?
It has been six months, is it normal that I still like him?
Look for a man that is handsome.
It is really sweet, just what you are looking for.
Is there a reason why you are not with the babys father?
You are wasting your health, because girls do not like that.
I prefr a size C or D. Anythign bigger is a waste.
I think they do.
Do not be rude.
You should most likely look for someone in a public place where you feel most comfortable.
One time a guy asked me if I minded if we cuddled.
Did you ask about the score of the last game?
Some couples never get to the comfortable and boring stage.
I always state that you should not do things if you are going to regret them later on.
Even the following day would be alright.
Well, all you are missing is a smile worth a million dollars.
I hear you, Fountain, something similar happened to me.
Although, I do not really like girls all that much.
Be really nice, give eye contact, and smile often. I hope this helps!
I wonder why he shaved them but in the end, they're his legs!
Best of luck to both of you.
This is just why I have been hurt many times.
I prefer natural appearances, rather than a full face of makeup.
I prefer 10 years younger, who wants to be with an older woman?
Ask your friend if it will be okay with them.
Many people will probably reject you.
Downtown Houston about every weekend because of the clubs.
Who said women do not feel anything?
Do not start with her looks, Sir.
You also should move on if they have.
Try flirting to see how he responds.
I am waiting until I am married, but when is it too far?
There is nothing wrong with her asking for your telephone number.
Also, you do not nee to be an overly happy, hyperactive person.
I do not want to just randomly walk up and say "Will you go out with me?".
Then comes the fun part, him making it up to you.
Give at least 5 minutes for kissing and hugging and maybe some licking too.
I can't help any more unless I have more information.
Because I say no on Avatars.
Some girls prefer gifts that won't die on them, something that lasts.
He is likely wondering if you are interested in him at all; Flirt back with him.
I feel silly, nerdy, and happy.
If you are a whore, then he is also one; I personally do not think that you are one though.
There are some men who only say the "L word" if they mean it.
I do not need a trophy girl; I want a companion.
As a man, I may have some insight.
Believe in yourself, be confident, don't act arrogantly, and always listen to what she is saying.
He asked if I would like to use his chapstick.
There isn't a proper way to kiss someone.
We do not think about things until later; and, this is because we love them.
I do not know as I have the same issue.
What was the mistake that you took part in?
It is like getting rid of a drug habit.
Speak to him, and it would not seem psychotic because you have known each other for some time.
Definitely for the first answer, that girl answered for me.
Or, what about the blue and green?
A life of your own..a life that you have been missing out on.
Confusing, yeah, I believe you are right.
The deal is, you do not have to ask her to date to date her.
Perhaps he is going to telephone you!
Tell her, but be as polite as possible.
I lost my virginity in a park when I was sixteen years old.
What guy does not like big breasts?
You should be proud of yourself.
Men work and fix things, but what else can you do?
We do not know what you look like!
If you could have four qualities in your woman, what would they be?
Look online or check your local newspaper and you will find many things for the wedding.
If she sits on your best friend's lap because she is drunk, then yes that is a turn off.
Should I see my boyfriend?
You will find a man who really deserves you one day.
Well, you and that sexy perfume you wear.
If he isn't and you are still not ready, then screw him!
Why do they want it state sanctioned?
She still lets me play with my trucks and watch cartoons!
You need to move on, but you can still love him.
See if the guy you like is willing to go out of his way for you.
If anyone knows the answer, please let me know.
I never knew that life could be so great!
And he said he would call me back.
Choose the one you like the most.
Disable the pop-up blocker.
If you truely love him you will tell him.
Who knows, but I would absolutely love for that to be done to me.
What should I do to have her?
Sir, you have to deal with it and introduce yourself.
There are films that I have not seen yet.
I believe it is completely dependent upon age and upbringing.
And, that will be simply intercourse.
My male paramour was sincerely my friend first, and it is complete bliss.
What does it matter what anyone else believes?
Also, try getting a few blonde highlights.
Let it all out. I use art to vent problems.
If she enjoys music, make a special CD or tape for her.
It could be. Choose one and explain why?
Do not worry what other people say.
It is my opinion that a lot of women enjoy receiving flowers.
I cannot explain it but it does not have anything to do with them being young, vulnerable, or submissive.
Either let him go or date his brother.
There absolutely are, you just have to look.
You can purchase them at Staples for $35.
Your child is going to have a difficult time growing up without a father.
My friend says I am too nice, and should tell them no.
My girlfriend always tells me that she loves me when we are passing notes during class, but not in a confrontational way.
That is correct, the right relationship happened on its own.
You will look quite foolish.
No, and you should not care. If you like him, then stay with him.
I think you should be yourself, have self-esteem, and self-confidence.
Anything that is not nailed down.
Make it your top priority to see her, if you really want to be with her that badly.
One of my best friends had a crush on my big sister a few months ago.
Should I just let this go and move on?
Their friends, on the other hand, are a different story.
Yes, I do and I think anyone would.
My cousin went online and met some strange older pervert who said he was a sexy teen.
Help me choose my neighbor's wife!
I have long black hair, I love it, and so does my husband.
You care about your family, and your family cares for you.
Ugly men just go for any woman available.
In the middle of the river, there were lots of people watching!
Eye contact is the key point.
It is really a matter of what the man is attracted to.
It gives us this feeling that you may not be strong enough.
He may love you, but he also may want to disappoint his father.
Some men don't think of their partner when they just get to it.
Maybe the skinny girl was a mean person and she wasn't.
Doing that does sound rather feminine.
If you want to enjoy your time, consider checking out some night clubs, restaurants, or gyms.
There are many good women available.  You just have to look in the right places.
Everyone has to break up at some point.
You win some and you lose some. Take it with a grain of salt and be more careful next time.
Happy Birthday to you.
I just need someone to help me figure this out.
Pick the one that treats you better.
I like a sixth grade boy too!
If you end it, he may not be your companion, that is why I do not enter romantic relatinos with companions.
Attempt to emphaszie yourself more often, but you have to do far more than simple eye contact.
Do what is best for you and him.
Poor teeth, horrible breath, and deplorable body odor.
Nobody needs to know that!
If I have to ask then I will leave and end the relationship and move on with my life.
Do not misunderstand me.
I asked if he still liked me and he said he did but did not act that way.
Where am I going with this?
Keep getting a younger and younger woman, men. As your woman gets older, get a new one.
You know that is if you do not play the guilt trip.
That does not mean that it is the right thing to do; it only makes us human.
This is a mistake that cannot be undone!
Practice unwrapping Starburst with your tongue, and then tying cherry stems with your tongue.
Did you catch her looking at you?
I know three men with whom I could probably get away with doing that.
You should ask her out or tell you that you like or admire her.
If he is going to be an on and off partner, then I suggest that you break off ties for good.
If they do not, then you will have to continue with your life.
I have never attended it.
Compliment her and ask for her name. Do not behave strangely. Act as though you are the most suave man in existence.
She calls him often.
How should I approach her so she does not think I am another guy hitting on her?
If you wait a little while before dating guys, you might enjoy it more.
It is not cool to act better then someone else.
You do not have to make a decision about what to do.
Why should I hide it?
Some men do not like to dance.
Truly, she is not your friend, because she will not stop annoying you.
I wish I had listened to my friends.
After how much time you can conclude that it takes too long, and she is not really interested?
Do I want to be in love?
Why do they want to be married?
That is a no-brainer, and nice picture of George Clooney on your profile.
Some women cannot seem to find men their own age attractive.
Some do, but I would rather have a pair that was not too big.
It sounds like both of you are comfortable with the ways things are.
Yes, it looks extremely beautiful on almost any woman.
Sometimes it is better to be very good friends first to make sure that you will be happy around each other.
My question is, "Will I always feel that way?"
A tremendous example would be Faith Hill's, "Love Ain't Like That."
Don't ask that question, if you don't want your feelings to be hurt.
She should be accepting of all your many facets if she loves you.
I think it is really attractive when a man shaves his legs.
If you two still keep in touch, I think you should maybe cease contact.
I like Austin and asked my friend Claudia to see if he likes me.
You are hurting the romance by asking that question.  You should just focus on having fun together.
Trust me, he is a player and no good.
It depends on the person.  They like different kinds of people, but not those who are self-centered, like you are.
That is fantastic news!  Maybe you should act in the first movie.
Should he refuse your request, his value is too low to begin with.
Well, simply approach her.
It's a beneficial notion to consistently practice honesty...not to mention, the majority of men I'm familiar with don't mind being referred to as attractive.
They're aware the females will not pursue them like they will attractive or moneyed men who land a slew of women.
Just face him and ask whether he would like to see a film.
That is why it is called making love.
He will know if you smile at him once in a while.
Most girls are polite, and if she is, she will answer it.
I would because you resemble a close friend of mine.
Hello, when shall we have dinner together?
I think most men do not care, but it does depend on the individual person.
It will work out if you want it to.
Give up if he does not want to dance.
I believe that the man should take the first initiative in a relationship.
If you do not have a boyfriend it would make you seem easy.
Take advice from a military girl and wait.
You can never tell, they never show affection unless there is something that they want.
I am forty-nine years of age and am looking for a beautiful woman to spend my time with and possibly more.
Do you mean to seem more sexy?
Go to 'deleted items', it should be there.
I wonder if this is a red flag of who this man truly is.
Perhaps because your name is Freakgirl.  If you show your face, then maybe not.  No hard feelings.
I have been there and done that.  Trust me, that is going to be extremely painful.
Do you love her deeply?
You can ask that question to your cell mate.
You can only see a man get emotional when he is with his lady love.
I have done it, and it was a lot of fun.
You have to let the person know who you are and what you want.
I would be crazy if she called me 5 times a day.
Hang on there for one that appreciates you.
My mom books them all of the time through the email:pat@alanatvl.com
Besides don't you think he has enough to worry about?
I have been in a relationship with a man who is younger than me.
Men pretend to love in order to have intercourse; women pretend to enjoy intercourse in order to get love.
It must become annoying after a time.
Everybody enjoys being called attractive, even if they will not admit it.
Yes, but it depends on the man.
Perhaps because you simply think they are sexually attractive when they run on the field.
You are too young to be speaking of kissing already.
I will most likely inform her soon because she is my best friend. In any case, any help would be appreciated.
I agree with the other person before anyone comes to harm.
I am ready to move on but I love him to much to do so.
Go out and do all of the things that you could not when you were with him or her.
It is apparent that men are not much better.
Perhaps you could inform him that you simply want to be friends with benefits.
Try playing, "Truth or Dare," together.
He sounds like he is a manipulative simpleton.
You should try foreplay, it slows down the pace.
Death is similar to a large black bag, full of drugs.
Where do you live?  I could come over and you could practice kissing me.
No, you won't get hurt.  I was married to a complete jerk!
It sounds like you really love her, so there is no need to forget her.
Tell him that you want to be friends, and that you are very disappointed that he would act the way he did.
Don't do things you do not want others to know about.  Things always end up becoming public.
And why does chest hair exist?
As for now, I believe he is angry, hurt, upset, and no longer interested in you.
Give your brother some money and tell him to leave.
No offense, but it sounds like a woman's name, but I mean no disrespect.
Ask her on a date.
Take her out and get to know her, and the nask her out.
People do not like their emotions played with.
Practice by unwrapping starburst wrappers with your tongue.
I only want points.
That is not entirely true. It is simply that most girls are discreet about it.
That is dependent on whether you are physically attractive.
I informed him that it was too late. Other than that, I would not mind receiving flowers at times.
"Believe in" is a strange way to phrase it.
Why can men (or boys in your case) not ever say the word "love"?
Enjoy the age you are now, and do not worry about this.
I am 19, and I like anyone up to 30.
I had a friend in the same situation.
Females are as dirty minded, trust me.
You should not go out with a man because you "need" to.
So what you are saying is that she does not want to be more than boyfriend and girlfriend?
Is it usually about a year, before both people begin to feel that comfortable, commonplace stage?
Probably, because I knew that all of my girlfriends were not truly, "The One," until I met my wife.
In my opinion, as long as you do not base your relationship on lovemaking, then it is okay.
Why would some men do that?
If you are the real man, then breast size should not matter.
Avoid men who can't be open about their feelings.
Ask for permission, and watch how fast she rejects you.
My husband likes my personality.
My mother has cancer as well, this is too personal for me.
Be your best self, if he is impressed or likes you, then he will talk back.
You do not ever want anyone else but that person.
Why do you not try talking to and even seeing other men, just to see his reaction.
It is okay to kiss on the first date.
Men have an issue with secrets.
I had someone get quite rude with me because I was still seeing people?
So, how do I just kiss him?
I am the Maid of Honor for my only sister and I desire for it to be perfect!
Unless it is with the inappropriate man.
